Gary and Mary Ruth, we've been working
on this story for a long time, and we'll
tell you right up front that it's going
to be hard to swallow at first.
>> In 1989, a softspoken scientist in
Nevada went on local television and said
something that would baffle the world
for the next three decades.
>> Do you copy over? He said that he had
worked at a secret government facility
called S4 just south of Area 51 in the
Nevada desert where his job, his actual
job was to reverse engineer the
propulsion system of a craft. A craft
that was not made by human hands. A
flying saucer 53 ft in diameter. No
seams, rivets, panels, buttons, wiring,
or controls.
Ladies and gentlemen, today's guest is
the white whale of American Alchemy
guests, the enigmatic and ever elusive
Bob Lazar.
>> Robert Lazar.
>> Bob Lazar.
>> Lazar. Bob Lazar.
>> Bob Lazar. That Lazar dude freaked me
the out, man.
>> Oh, he's a freak out.
>> Bob is basically a walking paradox, a
human head spinner. He almost feels like
an optical illusion of a person. Back
then, Area 51 meant nothing.
>> We've now heard a former director of
national intelligence who oversaw all
American intelligence agencies openly
discuss a UFO tracking program housed at
Area 51. Specifically, we've also seen
past directors of the CIA, congressmen
and women, and whistleblowers across
agencies endorsing the existence of a
decadesl long multi-generational UFO
crash retrieval and reverse engineering
program.
But Bob is an anomaly. He's on an
island. He's still the only person to
have gone public claiming he worked
directly on a craft of nonhuman origin.
We've speculated about his story for
years. Today, we get to talk to him
directly.
>> They really wanted to see if they could
affect the flow of time. Just did they
have a stated purpose for
>> No.
In this interview, we get to ask him our
most skeptical questions about his
background, his education, his past, how
he knows what he knows, and why he
hasn't been forced into silence. John
Lear was super into UFOs before you got
the job. Why do you think it didn't come
up in a background check? There are a
lot of people out there who say you
faked your educational credentials. Did
you ever wonder why they didn't view you
as a liability? But we also ask our most
awe inspiring questions.
We learn new details about where the
craft he worked on was actually
retrieved. We discuss the beings that
may have occupied it, where they come
from, and what they want with humanity.
We even learn about Bob's current home
laboratory experiments. He's still
investigating the gravity altering force
he encountered while working on a flying
saucer in the8s. You heard me right. Bob
is currently working on exotic UFO
science in his personal lab. How did the
reactor work? Through X-rays, we were
able to determine that there's a hollow
tube.
>> But this interview gets even crazier
than that. I surprise Bob with a
scientist at NASA who's doing his own
experiments on anti-gravity.
>> What kind of voltage are you using
>> right now? About 400 volts.
>> That's unbelievable.
>> I also had the honor of showing Bob
legendary never-beforeseen footage of a
UFO at Area 51.
People have been trying to get their
hands on this specific footage for
years.
>> Ready?
>> Yeah.
>> I'm going to the beginning. Here we go.
>> Holy moly.
>> Oh.
>> This interview spans multiple days with
both Bob and filmmaker Luigi Vendetti,
the maker of S4, the Bob Lazar story.
Luigi has spent four years working
closely with Bob to depict exactly what
he saw and worked on at S4 in vivid
hyperrealistic detail.
>> We really really paid attention to what
Bob said throughout the entire time. So,
we didn't we didn't invent anything.
>> Without further ado, please welcome this
week's American Alchemist. The man who
helped reverse engineer a UFO went
public and lived to tell the tale. The
original UFO whistleblower, Bob Lazar.
>> Ignition sequence.
>> How is this possible?
>> Nothing too unusual about that.
>> Their existence cannot longer be denied.
We're living through the biggest
transformation of the financial system
in a hundred years and most people are
still using the same platforms their
parents used. I started to investigate
the financial space in 2012 because I
genuinely believed that the fiat dollar
system was broken. Not slightly broken,
structurally, fundamentally broken. It's
what you might call a long con or
perhaps a Ponzi scheme. I started to
believe that a transparent decentralized
alternative wasn't just possible, it was
necessary. I've spent 13 years
researching it, living it, talking to
the most serious minds building it.
Kraken is the platform I kept coming
back to with my own money. So, when we
finally decided to bring on our first
ever financial sponsor in four years of
doing this show, we went to them because
I've used the product and I already
believed in what they're building. Every
other investing platform is essentially
the old system with a better app on top.
Kraken is different at a foundational
level. They've been operating since
2011. Through every market crash, shout
out Mount Gaus, every industry collapse,
every moment other platforms failed
their users. And when everything went
catastrophically wrong in this industry,
the people responsible for making
customers whole didn't go to the biggest
names in finance. They came to Kraken.
On top of that, they publicly prove, not
promise, prove that every dollar you
deposit is fully accounted for. Anyone
in the world can verify it at any time.
No fine print, no blind faith, just
proof. You can buy stocks in crypto in
one place, earn better rewards than any
investment account you've ever had, and
send money anywhere in the world without
those annoying fees your bank charges
you for the exact same thing. Again,
I've never taken on a financial platform
as a sponsor in four years of this show.
Having full control over your money
shouldn't be about belief. It's the
whole point. So, go to kraken.com/a
to learn more and get $25 in Bitcoin.
Again, that's kraken.com/a.
Owning the power of your money isn't
just a belief, it's the whole point. One
of the main reasons I'm able to go
multiple hours on these podcasts while
staying mentally sharp is because of
this little drink. It's a product I
started using years ago and it's called
Ketone IQ. I know the founders Jeff and
Michael personally, and I was thrilled
when they agreed to sponsor the show
because it's one of the few products I
trust to give me clean, sustainable
energy. I've been taking a little shot
of this thing during every long
recording and it lights my brain on
fire. As you can see, Bob even took a
shot during this one. Reason I keep
coming back to these products is because
I don't really do coffee. Coffee gives
me a spike of energy and then at some
point I get jittery and I crash. Ketone
IQ is fundamentally different. It gives
you clean, steady mental clarity with no
crash and no jitters. Here's the science
behind why it actually works. When
you're running on glucose or sugar, as
your brain is most of the time, it's
essentially burning dirty fuel. Your
brain could be like a Ferrari, but
you're feeding it 87 octane fuel all the
time. Ketones are what your brain
actually prefers when it's operating at
its best. Normally, you'd have to fast
for days in order for your body to
switch from glucose to ketones. This
little shot of Ketone IQ gives you the
ketones directly, so your brain runs the
way it's supposed to without any spikes
or crashes. It was originally developed
through a multi-million dollar
Department of Defense contract for elite
cognitive performance under stress. Bob
Lazar probably could have used that at
S4. So, the same technology that's used
by soldiers in high demand environments
is now available to anyone in the form
of this little drink. So, visit
ketone.com/alchemy
for 30% off your subscription order,
plus receive a free gift with your
second shipment. That's
ketone.com/alchemy
for a whole 30% off. Or find ketone IQ
at Target stores nationwide and get your
first shot free.
Bob Lazar, I don't even know what to
say. This is a Makea-Wish day for me.
This is an absolute honor. I'm so
grateful for you uh being here. I have
so many questions for you because uh
there are a lot of people who say
they've seen things in the sky or
they've had ephemeral experiences
sometimes even with beings. There are
very few people who have consistently
held to the exact same story uh over the
last almost four decades now. And it
involves working on a craft and
essentially reverse engineering or
parallel process engineering what is a
craft of nonhuman origin, an exotic
craft. And so you are really one of one.
And uh I can't wait to dive in. And I
just want to thank before we start uh
Luigi Venditelli who is the amazing
creator of this movie that you are in.
physical evidence now exists which
proves that there is life elsewhere and
at least one form of that life has been
here.
>> I want to start with your childhood and
uh what was little Bob Lazar like? I
guess he was like a little scientist. I
mean uh I wasn't into sports at all. Uh
still aren't. Um, instead of playing
with toys, I take apart clocks and
things like that that my parents had
and, you know, put them back together. I
was just very inquisitive.
>> Were you a rule breaker at all?
>> Yeah, for the most part. I really had a
problem with authority.
>> So, I really didn't didn't matter if it
was my parents or teachers, whatever,
telling me what to do. I said, I just
don't recognize your authority to tell
me that I can't do what I'm doing. And
um yeah, that's that just seems to be
part of my DNA.
>> Yeah. It seems to be a running theme in
your life. Did So the authority felt
sort of arbitrary to you. It's like why
are you in a position to have any power?
>> Right. Right. Right. You're not even You
really don't even understand what I'm up
to and you know you're already trying to
put the gibash on it here. So um No. Go
away and leave me alone.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Did you have any
interest in UFOs, aliens, anything like
that as a kid?
>> No. No. No. I thought that was all
silly.
>> Yeah.
>> Now, I was always into science and
science fiction. When I was a little
kid, I watched I think like five and
six. I watched that uh oh the super
marionation series like u fireball XL5
and Thunderbirds and you know they were
all uh like marionette shows but they're
all space and ghoul and rockets and you
know that oh this is all great
>> you know that's what
>> and then later on you know Star Trek
science fiction because it always looked
like
>> that it was just a prediction of the
future to me
>> it didn't look like it was you you know,
stuff that was never going to come true.
It just looked like eventually the
stuff's going to happen. And for the
most part, science fiction turns into
science given enough time.
>> Becomes science fact.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Were there any inspirations sci-fi wise
that uh you felt had like a a real
impact on you as far as your, you know,
what you were interested in as a kid? uh
you know, everybody my age, a boomer
that's an engineer, doctor, scientist,
whatever, they'll always point back to
Star Trek and always give that a nod
because that was so that was probably
the biggest thing back there in the 60s
and 70s.
>> Yep. And so where did you grow up?
>> Well, I was born in Florida, but uh most
of my growing up, you know, I was
cognizant of what was going on was Long
Island.
>> Okay.
>> New York. Yeah.
>> Interesting. you ended up at at Pierce,
is that right? Or what was the what was
the kind of progression from?
>> I just moved around. I mean, you know,
it depends where I was at the time when
I went California and, you know, on the
East Coast. So,
>> Yep.
>> It was it was just location dependent,
you know, as like I mentioned the other
day, I moved so much.
>> Yeah.
>> Um Yeah. It was almost like a military
family.
>> Yeah. Was it was it cuz your dad had
jobs that he was switching around or
what was going on?
>> I really don't know what it was,
>> but um we just we were just always
moving.
>> Yeah. Interesting.
>> And you know, always
have to make new friends and and
whatnot, but uh
>> I don't know. It was just the way it
was. My father always did some weird
things, had strange things up his
sleeve, so I don't know what was going
on. Yeah, I think there was some
potentially shady stuff going on in the
the background. So,
>> interesting. Okay. What did he do
professionally just like surface level?
>> Um, he had I know he had some connection
to the mob at some point. I mean, he had
like a
>> a food business uh wholesale food
business, you know, that distributed
food to grocery stores, you know, all
over the place. But there was and he had
big connection to raceh horses. I mean
>> I remember when I was a little kid of
the uh what do they call it harness
racing
>> you know where they sit in the little
silky behind the horse little two-
wheeled contraption. Um, you know, I
remember those guys,
um,
the jockeys, riders, whatever you want
to call them, but I remember, you know,
playing in the living room and hearing
those guys deciding who's going to win
the race and things of that sort. So, I
mean, I I knew that there were some
shady things going on. M
>> and yeah, whenever you have raceh horses
and tracks, there's often some
>> Yeah, especially shut down in the, you
know, early '7s and stuff. It couldn't
it couldn't be more corrupt.
>> Absolutely.
>> You know,
>> interesting. Okay. And so he was
involved in that, but maybe there was
some other stuff kind of going on in the
in the background.
>> Yeah. Nothing where people are hurt or
anything like that, you know, not not
mob stuff, but uh
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But, you know, I mean,
just some questionable things that never
talked about.
>> Yeah.
>> So, I mean, we did we did move around a
lot, but um
>> spent most of the time either in
>> Well, depends what year, you know, I was
somewhere.
>> And were were you into nuclear science
as a kid as well or just kind of like
>> No, just science. I mean, okay. My
friends were uh I had a friend whose u
dad was a chemistry professor. So, you
know, we'd go and hang out with him and
bring home chemicals and, you know, play
with them. But I was Yeah. From as young
as I could possibly be was always
tinkering around with something science
related.
>> Yeah. So, at at school, what was that
like? You're this rebellious kid. You're
into science. Did you hate school
because you saw
>> I hated school because it's just
interfering with my time. I want to get
home and get back to tinkering with my
stuff. You know, I don't
>> you know, you you couldn't bore me any
more than I was. I didn't want to go to
music class. I don't care what they're
doing here. And uh you know, everything
is social studies. I don't care who won
what war. Just let me go home. You know,
I've got other things I'd rather learn.
But you know the classes that I was in
um that matched my interest I did well
with but everything else was a waste of
my time.
>> What were you tinkering with at home?
>> Probably at that time probably
electronics and chemistry.
>> Okay. And then how how did you get the
job at Los Almos?
>> At the time I was working at uh
Fairchild Electronics in in Semi Valley,
California.
and I was just tired and burned out of
that and uh just sent a resume to Los
Alamos, but really laid heavily on the
stuff, not my work history,
things that I did aside from work. I
took my wife's little Honda, built a jet
engine from scratch, and put it in
there.
Then, in fact, that was one of the
things I, you know, sent in a resume to
him. Oh, by the way, I built this car.
And uh yeah, when I moved there, the
local paper put that on the front page
cuz they thought that was really cool.
And that's why most people remember me
at that time because I drove it to work
at Los Alamos. Yeah. In fact, they
yelled at me for you can't run the jet
coming into the lab because it scares
the out of everybody.
>> How fast would the car go?
>> 212.
>> Jesus.
>> Yeah. Yeah. On on that car is super
dangerous. I would never do that. That's
insane. Yeah. But
>> so you're putting like a Bugatti engine
on a Honda Civic and you're like
>> Yeah. In in a way. Yeah.
>> Unbelievable.
>> Yeah. It's silly, but you're stupider
when you're in your 20s. Yeah.
>> Well, what was your top speed?
>> 212.
>> Yours was 212.
>> Yeah. You went El Mrage Dry Lake in
California.
>> You're insane.
>> May maybe be, but that's how fast the
car went. But the Honda Civic is not set
up for the the jet engine that you put
on like
>> Well, it was after I put it in there.
>> Oh, so you you helped with the
suspension and some of that stuff you
improved. Wow,
>> that's impressive, man. That's cool.
>> Well, while working at Los Alamos
National Lab in 1982, the local
newspaper did a front page story on a
jet car I had built. Coincidentally, Dr.
Edward Teller was giving a speech at Los
Alamos that same day.
>> So Edward Teller for the audience was
the creator of the hydrogen bomb.
>> Coincidentally, that same day on
>> paper, if you turn over the front sheet,
was the advertisement for Ed Teller
coming the next day.
>> Wow.
>> Giving a lecture, you know, at the lab.
So,
>> so he go you go to a like a talk he
gives or something.
>> Yeah, he was about to give a talk. I got
there early. He's sitting outside
reading the paper cuz the door was
locked.
>> Uhhuh.
>> So that's I I wanted to go super early
too cuz I thought maybe it's going to be
crowded or whatever.
He's reading the front page of the paper
because or else I really didn't know how
to go and say anything. But I went, "Oh,
it's the perfect segue. He's already
reading about me. So, I'm like, "Hi, Ed.
I'm the guy you're reading about there."
>> What was Edward Teller like?
>> He's a grumpy old man.
>> That's just the only way I could
describe him.
>> Did he have uh any sort of distinct
accent? He has a distinct accent.
>> That teller. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Giant eyebrows and Yeah. I
mean, he looked exactly like himself.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Fascinating. And so,
what was the conversation like? Are you
like, "Hey, that, you know, that's me."
And then what did he what did he say?
>> H he said, "Well, that's that's
fascinating, but it, you know, I can't
remember it verbatim, but he said,
>> but it is grossly impractical."
>> I said I said, "Yeah, it's not made to
be a practical uh, you know, mode of
transportation." And then we only spoke
for a short time and then you can hear
the door uncclick, swing open, and a guy
greeted him. Oh, Mr. Teller. And so they
brought him inh. And you know, that was
that. But as time went on, I made
reference to that meeting when I sent
him a resume after I had moved on from
Los Alamos and he remembered me and
that's who directed me to EGNG,
>> how this all started to go to S4.
>> Have you ever seen there's a there's a
video of um Edward Teller being
questioned on his relationship with you?
>> It's really funny because he
First of all, he goes into he's being
questioned on nuclear propulsion and he
like doesn't want to get into it. It's
very clear.
>> And then he's questioned on you and he
has the exact same reaction.
>> It is in my opinion not interesting. I
don't intend to answer it. If you ask me
that question on camera, I will shut up.
I will sit silent.
You're not going to get an answer out of
me on that.
>> Okay.
And if I ask you on camera, if you know
Bob Lazar, can you just say no?
>> Have you sit silently?
>> I mean, I spoke to the guy before he
went and interviewed Teller.
>> He was one of Teller's students
>> and he said, you know, I'm going to
bring up you to Tell her. And I went,
that would be awesome.
>> Yeah.
>> And it would be awesome to see how fast
he denies me.
>> Yeah. you know, and he did immediately,
you know,
>> but he denied you in the same way. First
he goes, yeah, technically you could
get, you know, a real power source from
nuclear and basically implying he knows
a lot about it, but he's not going to
talk about it.
>> Yeah, he I think he said, yeah, is there
anything other than fish and refusion?
He go, that's right. No, nothing that
anybody would be interested about. Yeah,
but there's total annihilation, you
know, and and um yeah, he just
completely discounted that, which is
>> interesting for Teller. Do you think
that he's talking about because you talk
about this 115 you you hit a
>> I don't know if that's what he's
referring to and then you get this
matter antimatter annihilation thing.
>> I don't know if that what it was
referring to but he's also but he's
clearly not addressing the most powerful
nuclear reaction there is. And why would
he do that? And he's clearly also
denying
the nuclear knowledge in the same way
that he's denying his link to you, which
to me is such a tell that he obviously
met you.
>> Yeah. That it's really weird that he
would do that.
>> And so you were you were at Los Alamos
and and um were you working with other
physicists at the time or what was your
main kind of like day-to-day
responsibility there?
Well, it it it changed. Um,
>> I did some I was building I think uh
this was for the particle accelerator.
They wanted to be able to trim
>> the voltage to a a very fine degree. So,
I was building some high voltage power
supplies, stuff that's insulated by
fiber optics, so you can make
adjustments, you know, from a distance
without interfering with, you know, the
electric fields or anything. Um, and
daytoday there was just maintenance on
the targets and experiments we were
doing. So, it's cryogenics and, you
know, dealing with uh high power magnets
and
I mean, what else? Radioactives
materials.
>> Yeah.
>> Um, you know, Los Alamos stuff. I mean,
I'm just trying to remember what I did
every day, but it was uh nothing. It was
there was no really regular routine.
>> You know, we'd either be working on
getting ready to do an experiment. So
we'd be working on, you know, the
detection equipment.
>> Yeah.
>> Or setting up the experiment and um it
all had to do with uh
you know the output of the accelerator
and
>> adjusting that.
>> So this was a particle accelerator.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Oh, interesting.
>> Yeah. It's a half mile long linear
accelerator in Los Alamos.
>> Oh, cool.
>> And the beam splits off. Mhm.
>> It uh it comes down and it it splits off
into different experimental areas. So it
you can conduct a whole bunch of
different experiments, you know, just
from one okay
>> one beam. And they can put different
things in the targets to make different
particles and go different directions.
And depending on the speed of the
particle going by and its spin and how
long it's in transit, you can calculate
its mass and you know backtrack and then
put things together. And you know
analogy I always gave was uh it's it's
like if you wanted to analyze a Swiss
watch,
>> but you really couldn't look inside. But
so you could take it and throw it as
hard as you can at a concrete wall.
Yeah. And then it bust apart and all the
pieces go flying off.
>> Yeah.
>> Well, by looking at those pieces, you
could backtrack everything.
>> You could see if one was spinning a
certain direction and you know the
rotation and the how fast it came off,
then you know the mass of it. if it was
turning before and by the angles you can
put it back there and eventually you can
reassemble the thing and see how it was
made just from the particles flying
apart. So essentially what an
accelerator does is smash something
apart and then we can figure out how it
all goes together just by monitoring
those particles.
>> It's so cool.
>> Yeah. So I mean that's that's that's
what I did at Los Alamos.
>> Did you did you get the sense that there
were two branches of science? science
that was a little more classified and
then public science.
>> No, not at that point.
>> Not at that point.
>> Not at that point. I thought we were all
on the same level.
>> Yeah. Now, I know um you can't say why
they erased you from MIT. And there are
a lot of people out there who say you
faked your educational credentials. You
have very good, I think, reason that at
least passes, you know, Joe Rogan and
some other people who I really trust
their sniff test. He said that he was
working on something for the government
at and they sent him to MIT to
learn something.
>> But I will ask you, is there anything
you can say high level that hints at why
you can't talk about why you were at
MIT?
>> Well, I was sent there.
Okay. And um
if you're sent like there for a specific
reason um maybe to do some classified
research or work.
>> Yeah.
>> Um
it's going to be off the books.
>> Yeah. I mean, but it's also you also
can't talk about it because it's still I
mean, look, the government's never going
to come and prosecute me for at least I
hope not for releasing information about
S4. Yep.
>> But
assuming I was working on a weapon
system,
>> that's always that's still covered under
the security agreement. And at this
point in my life, I just don't want to
make any waves.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> So, no, I think that's very reasonable.
It's also I I should note, and this is
me talking and not you, MIT Long is a
university, you know, affiliated
research center. It's called a UARC and
they do all sorts of classified stuff.
You know, they have a
>> Yeah. Yeah. super soldier program. They,
you know, were always at the forefront
of nanotechnology. And so, uh, the idea
that, uh,
>> well, anything I would have potentially
been working on wouldn't be so
outlandish as super soldiers or it'd be
just very conventional.
>> Sure.
>> Um, you know, but still classified
material.
>> Yeah. Touching stuff. I think I think I
think it's just helpful because um
>> this stuff is circulating out there and
you know the idea that you would get
sent to that school specifically and
work on something that you can't talk
about is very
>> get sent but if I would have got
theoretically hypothetically yeah
>> if you got sent there
>> if I got sent there uh you know I yeah
there's a very clear possibility I
wouldn't be able to talk about it and
I'd be working on some classified stuff
>> if you wanted to hire a guy who could
think clearly out of the box and help
solve problems, but who could be
discredited if you needed to do that.
Bob was probably the best person in the
country at the time. He was perfect for
it.
>> George Knap was originally this very
instrumental part of Breaking Your Story
in 1989 as part of KA.
>> Uh did you you took him to Los Alamos,
is that right, at some point? Yeah, I
told him all this Los Alamo stuff and um
I said, "Well, let let's go there. I'll
show you." And
>> uh security was a little more lax back
then.
>> Mhm.
>> Uh so I we got in a plane and uh you
just rented a car and you know at that
time everyone I knew still worked there.
So, including the guards who get in,
hey, Bill, Bob, you're back, you know,
and so
>> we're in and uh,
>> you know, just took judge everywhere.
There's my desk. Here's this. And, you
know, walk in here and I still knew
combinations to places. I'm sure it was
not all 100% legal, but yeah,
>> George just walked around, filmed
everything, spoke to people that I
worked with, and he said, "All right, we
can check that box off." And then u,
>> we went back.
>> Yeah. And I so because I also you know
again I want to uh address some of these
like detracting comments circulating
online. There are people who are like oh
he just quizzed the physicists you know
at Los Alamos but he really had some
other job there or something. First of
all like your your uh description of a
particle accelerator and and how to
actually you know detect subatomic
particles I think was you know first
class. And then second, you have a guy
in George Knap, which you are, you have
to either um accuse him of some sort of
collusion or something in his
orientation towards you or admit that
you showed him around. People knew your
name. You know, he saw it. Yeah. And
clearly he was trying to sus you out by
asking you to invite him, right?
Presumably.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I just don't pay attention
to the detractors and the nonsense. I
mean,
>> yeah.
>> To me, we're
We're we're past that
>> now. I never met Dr. Teller again, but
in 1988, when I decided to reenter the
scientific community, I sent him a
resume and inquired about a job. Dr.
Teller responded by telephone and told
me that he was no longer active, but
just functioned in a chief consultant
capacity. He gave me the name of a
contact to call in Las Vegas. I made
that call and things progressed from
there until I got into the program at
S4.
>> And so, you send him the resume and he
remembers you somehow. And which
>> Yeah, cuz I made mention of the jet car
in Los Alamos. Yeah.
>> And then and then he sends your resume
to EG&G and then you get a job there.
>> I don't I don't know if he sent it. He
>> uh when he did reply to me, he he gave
me information, contact information for
EG&G.
>> So I don't know if he he said or just
have a look at this young man or
something like that or or if he did send
the resumes. I I don't know what
happened behind the scenes. Did you know
anything about EGNG at the time or
>> I know they did measurements. They did
all the uh I mean those are the guys
that came out and figured how to you
know photograph a you know an exploding
nuclear bomb without it getting
overexposed. Um they did all kinds of
things. Make giant flash tubes so you
can photograph cities from bombers and
and stuff. So um
that's about all I knew. I knew they
were just uh you know a contractor that
did weird stuff for the government but
you know leaning heavily in the nuclear
testing area.
>> It's a company that is the namesake of
Doc Edertton who was MIT faculty
actually and
>> Edgarin Grimmer Housen and Greer.
>> There you go.
>> Many types of cameras will be in use.
The most important are fast tacks which
operate up to 9,000 frames per second
and expose that entire footage in a
fraction of a second. Have you looked at
any of the other, you know, I obviously
you're really into nuclear and then you
worked on UFOs. There's this amazing
book that I always cite that I'm sure
you're aware of, Luigi, called UFOs and
Nukes by a friend of mine named Robert
Hastings. And he talks about UFOs like
tic tac, saucers, orbs, all these
different shapes and sizes of UFOs
showing up at nuclear bases all across
the US.
>> I've certainly heard that.
>> Isn't that interesting? And there are
167 whistleblowers who are on what's
called the PRP program where they have
to report if they're taking ibuprofen
cuz they're guarding the crown jewels of
American defense.
>> Oh, really?
>> 167 of these guys.
>> Wow. I mean, there's really 167 of those
guys.
>> 167 of these guys. It's really why they
have
>> Yeah,
>> that's that's incredible. I mean, that
should be investigated further and I I'm
sure it is, but not publicly. But there
I mean you're talking about nuclear
sites. If you're talking about nuclear
sites, you are at the very core of
national security.
>> So my point is is if you're doing the
photography of that early on, you've got
to have some asymmetric knowledge of UFO
stuff. That would be my guess.
>> Yeah. They were the guys documenting and
photographing everything from every
angle from everywhere.
>> Yes.
>> So if in fact all that stuff was going
on,
>> AG&G had to catch something.
>> Totally. and EG it keeps coming up for
me too in my own investigations even
there's this thing called the you know
the Wilson Davis memo where the
scientist uh who actually lives in
Austin his name is Eric Davis meets with
uh the head of J2 joint chiefs uh who
under whose purview is all military
technology a guy named Admiral Thomas
Wilson and they're in the parking lot of
EG&G and Thomas Wilson is like furious
that he doesn't have oversight over this
specific corporate program which seems
to be reverse engineering exotic UFO
material. So you get a job at EGNG.
uh what's your first touch point there
and and so you you have a little bit of
context but
>> yeah I originally went in there I didn't
know what the job was but they
interviewed me for that and somewhere in
the middle of it they said you know we
actually have
>> a different job that we're thinking of
plugging you into now I think I went to
the bathroom and when I came back they
said we're changing channels um we think
we have and I think
>> so I don't know if they were both
something at S4 or
uh something else is going to be for
EGNG or the department of enable
intelligence and then they thought maybe
S4 would be a you know a better fit. I
don't know what again what went on
behind the scenes but there were two
jobs there and they decided I'd be
better off with the second one and the
second one was S4 out at the Papoose
Lake area.
>> And what what were they screening for?
like what what do you think they were
asking you and trying to get at and then
when you go to the bathroom why do they
>> I don't know
>> shift and they say this guy's actually
going to the that UFO thing we're stuck
on this guy's going to break it wide
open he could be a good
>> hire there
but I think they were stuck and I think
they
>> they were they kept be you know just
because of the way the place is arranged
um they kept trying to attack the
problem from the same direction all the
time,
>> you know,
>> which is only going to yield the same
result. In fact,
>> if you expect it anything else, you're
nuts,
>> you know, as the definition of crazy,
right? Doing the same thing and
expecting different results. Um, but um
yeah, most of their questions was not
about um my technical knowledge or work
experience. It was what I did after work
>> and you know like the projects I built.
Why did you do that? Um and I I think
they were just looking at trying to find
somebody that was outside of the box.
>> Yeah.
>> And I think that's where I fit because
before that you had really straight lace
scientists, physicists, technicians, you
know, that abided by the rules and all
that and they looked we need a little
push from another direction. And I mean,
it's my guess. I think that's why they
popped me in there.
>> At that point, do you have any idea what
you're getting yourself into?
>> No. No. But that, you know, they said
it's at a remote area and the work hours
can vary. Some people are out there for
uh two weeks on, one week off.
>> Yeah.
>> Um some pe and you know, depends if
they're married or not or anything and
you know, can spend that much time out
there. Some people only go out three
days a week and you know so and some
people are just on call and you know for
the time being it would probably just
probably need you sporadically going out
there on call and you know till we get
you up to speed and do you have any
problem with traveling? And I said, "No,
no, no." You know, so I thought, "Wow,
if it's out in the desert, um, it's
probably I thought it was the only thing
I knew about the desert was at that time
it's a nuclear test site."
>> So I thought I thought it was weapons
related and, you know, specifically
nuclear weapon related
>> and I was going to be at the you know,
the nuclear test site at somewhere, you
know, stationed near Mercury.
The way it worked was they'd call me at
random days and they'd say, "Mr. Lazard,
it is now such and such time. We need
you to come out today." So, I'd go out
there. I drive out to EG&G Special
Projects, which was right in McCarron
Airport. At that time, I'd go through a
little security there and then out on
the tarmac and board one of the Janet
flights. They were only used by the
government for going back and forth to
the test site. 363 Las Vegas to Tower.
Runway 26 right away. Traffic downfield.
>> Yeah. We just took off and landed and uh
>> I still thought I was at the you know I
didn't know it. I was at Area 51.
>> Yep.
>> And you land at Area 51. Yeah. And
>> first of all at that time Area 51 meant
nothing.
>> It's just this is known as Area 51.
Okay. as all the all the you know the
test sites split up into areas. It's
area 2, area 5, so it's 51. Okay.
>> At what point uh do you go to ask for
>> you know these I've told the story so
much and it's been so long. All the days
kind of mix and infuse into one now. So
I can't separate what you did on that
day. What'd you do on the third day? I I
don't know. you know, um,
>> of course,
>> but I don't think we drove down on the
first day.
>> I think it was just a paperwork and
stuff day. Uh, but the second day for
sure, we drove down, um, got in the bus
and it was a long bumpy ride. Um, and
that the windows were blacked out on the
bus
>> and it was just a navy blue painted bus
and it it seemed like we went south. Mh.
>> Um, by the time we got there, got off
the bus, I I mean, the sun was setting
to my right.
>> And then what happens next?
>> Well, I mean, when you mean when I got
there?
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. I mean, that's where we Dennis led
me in.
>> Mhm.
>> Um,
>> and who's for the audience?
>> I guess you can call him my supervisor,
but he was kind of my shadow and
everything. He was just attached to me.
>> This is Dennis Mariani.
>> Dennis Mariani. Yeah. And so he leads
you in.
>> Yeah. He leads me in. There's a there's
a guard there. Um we get past him and
then they had to train the uh hand
reader
>> to give me a a card
>> to open the doors. So that's the first
time I saw that hand scanner.
>> Mhm.
>> I get the card, he shows me this. You
swipe on the door and it records every
time you come in and out and do
everything. And
>> is there a body guard or like a
>> No. No. Once you're in the room with the
scanner, there's nothing. There's just a
door you open up. But it's just a really
long
>> Yeah.
>> really long corridor and just kind of
it's not modern. Looks old. It's just
painted cinder block with light green
and dark green. Kind of looked my old
kindergarten or something.
>> It's this vast expanse. And is all of it
underground or in a mountain or
>> It's kind of on the side of a mountain.
>> Okay. you know, it's so the hangers are
right on the side or it's a hill, I
guess, what, however you want to
describe it. Sure.
>> So, the the hangers are there and then
the carter is in back of the hangers.
So, that gives you hanger access
>> and there were nine hangers. So, um
>> and they're fairly big. So, that
explains why the corridors were so long.
>> Mhm. And so, you're in there, you see
this vast expanse,
then what happens? We went to
review the briefings first. So that was
off to the right. We came in, there was
a desk there had somebody had already
laid out all the uh the briefings which
were summaries of the projects going on.
So they didn't go in depth, but in case
your project connected to some of these
in some way, you had to have a brief
overview of what else was going on.
Project Galileo was the first uh you
know the first briefing on there.
>> And that was your project. Yeah. And
then but you had other briefings as
well.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And and and that was project
looking glass.
>> Looking Glass and what else?
>> Sidekick.
>> And Sidekick. Okay. And so I imagine you
take most interest in Galileo and but
you also look through Looking Glass and
Sidekick. Is that right? But Galileo
dealt with the propulsion system of the
craft and um and the directives that are
given. Uh there were two primary
directives is one to uh duplicate the
propulsion system or components thereof
with available materials available earth
materials it said. Um and directive two
was to be able to remotely
um disable the operation of the system.
Uh
and some I don't know how it was worded
somewhere the word at all costs was in
there. So
>> um that was really a high priority but
they wanted to u they certainly wanted
to duplicate it but they really wanted
to disable it. I do think that's an
important distinction in the mandate of
the program. It's to not necessarily
reverse engineer, but to parallel
engineer, find ways to with terrestrial
>> normal prosaic engineering build.
>> Yeah. Or come up with a hybrid system,
something. Yeah. I mean, the bottom line
is we want to produce the effects this
machine is having. So, just
>> do it. in any however you can.
>> Just yeah, just just do it.
>> Which makes sense given
>> the skill set they seem to take interest
in with you because you are this outside
of the box thinker. You're not this prim
and proper traditional academic or
something who does not want to break
rules, who might be extremely high IQ,
but uh isn't necessarily rebellious in
the way they think they think within
these sort of narrow confines they're
given.
>> Yeah, they they were just looking to
come at another angle and maybe we can,
you know, uncover something.
>> And and just for the audience, what is
Sidekick and what is Project Looking
Glass? sidekick was the weapon potential
of the craft. The craft, if you're
familiar with it, has three of the uh
emitters on the bottom. Look like large
trash cans. And they send out the
gravity waves or whatever form of energy
is, but excuse me, Sidekick dealt with
using those to focus a particle beam
>> to stop it from diverging. So there was
it it appeared to be there there was
some sort of weapon potential of doing
that
>> like a directed energy Yeah. weapon.
>> Yeah. I think it was a particle weapon.
So um I don't know where what the source
was but that's that's just what the
briefing contained in it. And um
>> are you given any other context before
reading these documents?
>> No.
>> And when you're reading these documents,
what what's going through your
>> No, it's I mean Some of the stuff in
there was just nonsense. I mean, and you
wonder is this like a test? Um, you
know, there is stuff like, you know, the
aliens had made 65 corrections to,
>> um, you know, in the evolution of humans
and things. And as Barry explained to
me, um, he said, "Look, they keep
everything classified here, but if
somebody says something,
you know, and they hear it on the
grapevine, they said, "Yeah, they've got
a disc an alien craft at, you know, down
at the test site." They don't know where
it comes from. But everybody that they
give briefings or information to, they
put unique nonsense information there.
So like if I had said anything, they,
you know, said, "Yeah, there's flying
saucers down there and aliens made 65
corrections." They go, "Lazar is the guy
that yep that." So that's I think they
put it in there to attach to a person,
you know, he got this and they make it
something enticing to say.
>> So you go through these briefings. what
happens next. At some point, I went to
the nurse who um it was the only female
that was there. Uh she she said, "You
know, we have to do an allergen test
>> and I guess they had a bunch of samples
from different materials. They drew a
little grid on my arm and then just
pricricked them and, you know, waited
for a reaction. Um, they gave me
something to drink which is supposedly
supposed to boost my immune system. It
was a, you know, a deep orange yellow
color and I think that was because the
vitamin B was in there and I could
>> I can taste that because it's it's
really a nasty taste.
>> What did it taste like?
>> Yeah, like v a vitamin B solution. Okay.
But it did but it also had a pine taste
to it.
>> But anyway, that was that. I wasn't
allergic to anything as it turned out
and eventually get go in and was
introduced to Barry who's going to be my
lab partner and um you know from what I
understand I was replacing somebody that
he worked with.
>> What was Barry like?
>> Barry I don't how would you describe
Barry? Barry was very enthusiastic.
>> Yeah. He he was really happy I was there
>> and uh really excited to show me stuff.
Um but clearly a lot had been done
before I got there.
>> Yeah.
>> If this was new, everything would be
white,
>> right? Everybody would be in,
you know, I mean, you always want labs
and everything white in case you see a
little speck of dust or a part falls
somewhere, you can identify them. You
wouldn't have, you know, wooden lamp or
lab benches and things like that. You'd
probably have people in full respirator
suits if they're just beginning, but
these guys had reached a point where it
was nonchalant where they were they were
touching, you know, working with this
stuff and um you know, it really wasn't
a thing as if they were taking apart a
car engine. So, um, they had made a lot
of progress and they weren't afraid of
what they were working with. Although we
were plenty afraid of the, uh, reactor
>> and and you, at no point were you like,
this could be some like, you know,
anti-gravity secret program that, you
know, I just wasn't cleared to. And
okay,
>> I mean, initially when I first saw it, I
went, "Oh, that's what this whole
thing's about." You know, it's it's just
>> it's just our new fighter and it looks
like a flying saucer. So that's why
people believe in flying saucers cuz
they see these new fighters flying
around and you know, but um yeah, it
became
quickly obvious that that wasn't the
case. Like we have no idea how the thing
works.
>> It does stuff that's physically
impossible and there's no country in the
world could make something like that.
>> Or have the power density that it has.
>> It's in inconceivable. So to, you know,
to to affect space and time, like if
another country was able to build
something like that, the United States
wouldn't exist.
>> You know, to anybody who who's a
detractor who doesn't who who could
think maybe this was a US object,
something man-made or something that
they put there as a prop.
>> Some people would say, "Do you think
they were trying to deceive Lazar or
other people and all that?" There's
because I built it. There's one physical
aspect of it that is impossible to build
period. 100% not possible. Is it's as
far as if we have to consider it being a
50 to almost 53 ft diameter craft. the
main level, which is the level that Bob
was able to access and and at one point
stand up in the middle of that main
level is in the center of the disc. And
there is nothing that was v visually
witnessed on the bottom level when he
peaked. That is a supporting column
holding that 53 ft diameter floor. We
have nothing
>> on earth.
>> There is no material.
>> You know, that's I that's the first I've
ever heard of that angle. That's that's
really interesting. That's
>> Well, it's cuz I built it. So, I I tell
you, I think you know more about the
craft at this point.
>> Because of the thickness of the floor
that we could see because of the lip of
the access way, we could see the
thickness of the floor. Also where the
honeycomb hatchway is, you could see the
thickness of the floor.
>> That thickness 52 ft diameter.
>> There is nothing central support that
would not be doing boring like this and
may and potentially collapse. There's
nothing. We have nothing.
>> That's that's a completely unique
structural phenomena.
>> Yeah.
>> Good job, Luigi. Yeah. Yeah. No, I never
never even entertained that.
>> That's fascinating.
>> Yeah, that's that's great. But that's
that's 100% true.
>> Yeah,
>> there's nothing that can do that.
>> that's so interesting. What is the color
of the craft itself?
>> It's kind of a Peter stainless looking,
but
>> it's Luigi and I were talking about this
the other day.
It It looks different close up than it
does far away.
>> Describe how so Jeez, I wish I could.
I've tried to describe this a lot. And
uh what's interesting
is that I my friend Jean Huff who was my
kind of confidant at the time and um you
know I tell him about this stuff and I
said you know one of the weirdest things
is if you're if you're close to it you
know it it it looks like the craft and
it and when you get far away it doesn't
look right.
It looks more like a cartoon.
>> And um so Luigi is spending
two and a half or three years modeling
this and getting it in. And sure as
hell, whatever they did, uh Luigi will
probably best tell you about that. Um
when they take the camera and they put
it in the hanger and look at it close
up, it looks like it should. And if they
back it off, it doesn't look the same.
It looks so they were able to whether
intentionally or accidentally kind of
duplicate it. I mean, they've got the
model so close that it has it it's taken
on some of the characteristics of the
actual craft.
>> And there's a part of the craft that you
describe as blacker than black. Is that
right?
>> Yeah.
>> What is that?
>> Yeah. You know what they call the port
holes around the top, which are
>> I do not believe are port holes. You
know what? I think there's a a black
ring that goes around the top part of
the craft and that's we call that the
insulator ring. Um above that I have no
idea what's in that top section but
that's where these small square/
rectangular holes are around. They are
assumed to be like some sort of planer
array where there is some something
similar to a computer in the top section
and those arrays determine whether it's
looking at starlight or whatever. Uh it
determines its place in space.
Um but they they don't look black. They
look so black
it and it's not just vent black at all.
They almost look like bottomless pits in
there, but I know they're solid. I mean,
Barry told me they're solid. Um,
I guess I don't know. Barry claimed
they're solid, so to be technical, I
don't know for a fact. I mean, but um I
still think there's some kind of
sensors, but it it's that is some
unusual material. And when you go in
there and look at the craft, it's a real
ominous, creepy feeling. And a lot of it
is because of the black just it doesn't
it doesn't look right.
>> Did anybody else say that going into the
craft gave them an ominous feeling?
>> Yeah, he did say it. It was it was
definitely unnerving I think was his
word looking at those
>> and and just being in the craft
generally. Was that like a kind of
ubiquitously known thing at S4? Like you
walked into that thing?
>> Didn't hear that from anybody but it
certainly was for me.
>> Interesting.
>> Yeah. Because the first thing you think,
boy, that must have been so exciting.
And
yeah, from a outsider it might be, but
no, when you're really there, it wasn't
exciting. It was it was really
frightening.
>> And you walked around the what looked
like the cockpit of this thing.
>> First of all, you can't just walk in.
It's much smaller and narrower than you
think. You have to crawl in, and you
really can't stand up until you're
almost right in the center. Um, so it
doesn't have really it's really all
unusable space.
>> Um, even if you're a small creature,
there's a lot of unusable space in
there. Um, and you know, because I
everything seemed to have a critical
function to it. Um, I'm sure there was
nothing for decoration. There's a reason
to have all that space and the reason
the craft is shaped like that. Um, but
there were three things that look like
seats.
>> We called them seats. Other humps, large
rectangular smooth objects in there.
There were three of those. Uh, we know
those to be the amplifiers. They work
with the with the reactor that amplifies
the gravity wave and it's, you know,
channelneled to the emitter which is
right under the amplifiers. Um,
again, we just called the seats because
they look like seats. It would be I
think it would be funny if it turned out
that they were not seats at all. Um, yet
another component we just knew nothing
about. Bob always found it to be really
weird uh that when the wave guide is
applied right on top of the reactor,
these two guys, they're they're looking
out. There's a there's a one of the
archways that become transparent. So
they he believes that maybe that is
where they're looking. But this guy here
is staring at a pipe.
>> Oh, the the archway becoming transparent
is so they can see.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh. Oh, it's so interesting. I never
thought like made that connection.
>> Yeah. They're looking at it.
>> Oh,
>> and there's a screen
>> like the blue screen with the symbol
>> with the like Korean like language.
Yeah.
>> And then I I've always thought and I
thought maybe they all become
transparent. Maybe the whole arch like
the whole all the archways can become
transparent. What? Why? Why would it
only be one? Cuz it's so dark in there.
>> Fascinating.
>> And you saw a translucent
like almost Korean looking symbols. Is
that right? Yeah, I saw the wall become
translucent
>> and at some point saw
>> some kind of what I would call symbols
>> but
not on a in a three-dimensional way, not
on a flat screen or anything like that.
>> Yeah. Explain how you saw it because you
were explaining it to me yesterday.
>> Yeah. It wasn't like it was a screen. Um
it was just like it was a
three-dimensional character sitting
>> almost like a projection you said. Yeah,
I he he was explaining it to me
yesterday because he explained it
actually better yesterday than before I
produced it. And you were saying it felt
it looked almost like a projection
>> on that. No, it wasn't a projection or
it was on something. It was just a
three-dimensional thing in the air.
>> Describe the day that you saw this thing
fly.
Um it was already out. Um
Barry and I were in the lab and then
Dennis came in and he said, "Hey, why
don't you guys come?" We're doing a test
flight, you know. So, oh, this is great.
So, we go out through the lab door right
into the hanger. It was already outside
uh sitting on the ground and uh shortly
after we got out there
uh oh I did notice there was a radio and
I mentioned this in Luigi's movie a VHF
radio and they're in communication so it
it
it made me almost positive that there
was somebody in the craft.
>> Yep. Uh,
I don't know how where they'd be sitting
or how they would why they're even in
the craft because it's like I said, it's
so uncomfortable and usable space.
They'd have to be hunched up or trying
to sit on the edge of one of those
seats. So, um, that put aside. Uh,
>> so you think they put a person in there
because of that?
>> I think so because they were
communicating back and forth.
>> Did you hear a voice?
>> Yeah.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So,
>> you heard a voice coming from the craft?
No, from the radio.
>> From the radio from the VHF radio, but
presumably coming from the craft.
>> Yeah.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah. So, he was monitoring. I mean,
they must have had some other
instrumentation set up in the crafts cuz
he was monitoring something.
>> Do you remember with the voice? Was it
just
>> not a thing?
>> But it was something
>> because I Yeah. I mean, I was more stuck
on the fact that how was a radio wave
getting into the craft? This doesn't
even make any sense.
>> VHF being very high frequency or
>> Yeah. I mean, it should be distorted by
the gravity wave going around it.
Anyway, shortly after the craft began to
lift off the ground silently, had a
little corona discharge glow on the
bottom and lifted off and drifted up
into the sky and kind of moved around.
Um during that test flight um Dennis
motioned for me to come out and you know
look up at it and then he told me to
walk forward and the the craft was just
sitting there stationary and I walked
out underneath it and he motioned for me
to look up. I looked up and I couldn't
see the craft.
So I thought it flew away
>> and then he said, you know, come back.
And you know, I I walked back and as I
walked back, it caught my attention. I
see the edge of the the craft. So if you
move,
>> you can see it. And if you walk
underneath it, you can't. So you can
clearly see it's it's bending the light.
You can see the sky above the craft.
>> So you can see that it's in its little
envelope. And um then it kind of slid
over to the left and right and then sat
back down. is what you saw did did it
look like
what we talk about when we talk about
UFO videos and what we you know it's
like look at the you know Nimtt's you
know 2004 fleer video or or even some of
the maybe better example some of the
optical videos which are often grainy
and fuzzy and maybe that's due to
gravitational lensing or some sort of
space-time perturbation due to these
effects that you're talking about but
when you're seeing this craft fly are
you thinking this is the UF FO stuff
that's like in the lore.
>> Yeah,
>> you are.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah, for sure. I just because of the
the way that it can move, it can just
negate.
I mean, it it's I really don't know how
to describe it. Um
I mean, things like inertia really don't
matter to it. Mhm.
>> Um
it just it gets away with murder when it
when it comes to flying.
>> Did you ever think um we are being
tasked to figure out this reactor even
like you know the shape of the craft is
sort of really confusing to us. How the
hell do they know how to fly this thing?
>> Yeah. Yeah. that goes through your head
like you're like are you are you
>> well I mean yeah like I said you know
clearly they've they've had a lot of
time sure with this craft already it
could have been decades
>> for all I know so they're familiar with
it so I mean they they knew the emitters
have to be rotated you know to couple to
the reactor I mean they knew how to fly
it um so that these guys were somewhat
proficient with it but it so it would be
your kind base case assumption that now
we have functional what you might call
alien reproduction vehicles or UFOs that
humans can fly. If in 198788
you had stuff that was you know we could
at least test and you could go under
them and stuff then you would think that
now we're pro we've probably made much
more progress I assume or what what do
you think?
>> I do not think so. No
>> you don't think so?
>> No. So you think we're we can test these
things and use them in rudimentary ways
but we don't understand how they work.
the you know
analogy I I gave you know you can go
back to the 1800s and drop off a
motorcycle
>> y
>> with the keys in it and you know you can
look at it and go wow that's never seen
anything like that before and look at
the plastic fenders on it and wow that's
unusual material and you know there's
the key and eventually if you tinker
with it long enough someone's going to
turn the key and it's going to start Yep
and they're going to go okay we turn it
off and go, "All right, that's on and
off." And you know, eventually just
given time and human human ingenuity,
they're going to get it. Throttles here
and they'll become proficient at driving
it. Yeah. But when it runs out of fuel,
we're done. And when it comes right down
to it, they can't even make that plastic
fender, right? So, yeah. So, you can
become proficient at using it.
>> And I think that's where we are. We we
had some knowledge of that. But I think
I think if we had developed that
technology, we would have absolutely
already seen it. We wouldn't be wasting
one minute building a conventional
fighter
>> or other. Why? Why would you? And they
say, "Oh, well, it's secret." Yep. So,
jet engines were secret when we first
came out with them, and we built a whole
fleet. you know, we'd we'd absolutely
divert every resource we had to
duplicating these things.
>> Do you guys think there's any chance
that the craft is flown with somebody's
mind, some sort of mental?
>> It could very well be.
>> Yeah.
>> Because there was obviously no physical
controls to it,
>> right?
When the craft was being tested, the
only test I saw from close range, they
it was already out of the hanger. And
when I went into the hanger, the bay
doors between all the hangers were open.
They had big, you know, there's the door
that leads to the outside that's at an
angle, but there's also big bay doors
between all the hangers. Those were open
for some reason. And then when I came in
uh to go witness that, I was able to
look down and see that boy, there's
other there's nine of them all the way
down there.
>> What's going through your head? And and
emotionally, how do you feel?
>> Well, first of where did they all come
from? How could you I mean, I could see
you found one somewhere. There's a crash
or whatever. You found one. You don't
find nine. I mean, where where did they
come from? None of them are are damaged
to any degree. Although the one I call
the top hat had holes in it, but it
looks like it was shot, you know, a
projectile, but there it wasn't, you
know, damage from, you know, crash or
attempted landing.
>> Um, so where did all this stuff come
from? There's so much missing to the
story.
>> Did they all look like the exact same
sort of replica?
>> No, each one was different.
>> Okay.
>> But the material all looked exactly the
same. the color, um, the sheen. So, it
looked like they were all made of the
same material.
>> So, the reactors and the propulsion were
all the same. The material was all the
same, but the shapes were somehow
different. Do you remember?
>> Maybe. I mean, maybe they're specialized
craft. You know, you can take a step
back from humanity and you go look at
all the cars driving around. Well, you
got a truck that's a real long thing.
You look at a Volkswagen, it's like a
little, you know, and you see a
motorcycle going, you know, they're all,
but they all have the same somewhat type
of engine, you know, internal combustion
engine is powering them all, so they
must have all different functions. And
maybe that's just what we're looking at.
It's just, you know, and who says
they're all men's? Maybe some of those
things are drones of some kind.
>> People associate
you with the kind of Billy Meyer sports
model, like, you know, the craft that
looks like that. Uh,
>> it looks exactly like that.
>> Exactly like that.
>> Like I thought Billy Myra was absolutely
ridiculous because I I've seen some of
the pictures and this is what I
mentioned to you the other day, UFO
researcher syndrome. I think the initial
pictures Billy Meyer took um of the
sport model looking craft are 100%
genuine. There's no way that that there
could be another one of those that just
coincidentally looks exactly like the
what I call the sport model. So I think
he he absolutely photographed that and
it was real and I think at the time he
got a lot of attention and you know they
printed books and everything and I think
as time went on
you kind of missed that and then he
started making some models and taking
some new pictures and the other pictures
look ridiculous.
>> Right. Right.
>> They do. It looks like you know
>> and there's something about like
dinosaurs in his book and
>> Yeah. I know. And it looks like there's
styrofoam balls all pointed to it and
yeah, I found some more pictures, you
know, come back. And you know, so uh I
think that's
>> you know that that's just a personal
belief.
>> Yeah.
>> You there's no way you can tell me that
those original pictures aren't genuine.
>> Yeah. And and so that's the craft you
worked on. The eight other crafts, what
did those look like?
I could only see two. Okay. Clearly,
because from the angle, all you can see
is just a little piece and then all then
all you can just see is the hanger out
there.
>> Um, but one looked like I call a jello
mold, which is more like a bunt cake
>> without the hole in the middle.
>> And then the other one, as I previously
mentioned, a top hat, like a carnival
top straw hat
>> with the and the brim had a hole in it.
So,
>> is your immediate instinct uh humans
didn't make these?
>> Yeah.
>> At at what point do do you do you not
see like an American flag on one of them
or
>> Yeah, on the sport model that I saw that
like the first day that I went in.
>> Okay. Was there any talk of how these
crafts were retrieved?
Uh, I know. I mean, I know the Navy
>> got the sport model and I think that
that was from what Barry said, that was
an archaeological dig, which by the way
isn't in the desert. It's in the water,
you know, and I if there's another term
for an archaeological dig that's in the
water. I don't know what it is. I
thought it's still a dig, but um yeah,
that I don't know what body of water, if
it was the ocean or lake or what, but
yeah, that came from the water. I again
according to Barry I didn't see this in
documentation but um yeah that was
happened upon by the Navy
>> and
that's that's all I know and that's I
just theorize that's how the Navy got in
control of everything. It's what you
constantly hear is u you know you have
things like you Hughes aircraft building
the Glowar Explorer which you know subca
you know uh discovery
>> and um you have some some actually more
more recent locked subsea you know super
submarines
and drone sort of things that seem to be
able to you know uh uh scan the seafloor
and uh there's a great book called the
silent war by John Pena Craraven and he
was uh um high up in the Navy and he
talks about retrieval of exotic
technology on the seafloor and I I I
wonder you know you have Tim Bashett as
a congressman from Tennessee who says
there are five hot spots in oceans all
around the world
>> you know we we think they're coming in
from way out maybe they did millennial
ago but they're here and they're in
these deep water areas and that's why I
mean like we say we know more about the
face of the moon than we do what's
what's going on there now We have a
higher propensity of sightings around
these five or six I believe deep area
deep water areas.
>> And you I don't know there's another I
have one friend in the Navy who's you
know anonymous source maybe one day
we'll do an interview but he talks about
the movie the abyss by James Cameron.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> And he says maybe that scene where you
know this sort of glowing object shows
up is isn't too far off from the truth.
So, look, one of our science fiction
movies is going to be correct.
>> That's right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
That's a safe bet.
>> Yeah. One of them is.
>> Yeah. And we were talking last night
with Luigi about um Pasigula, Missouri
was the uh site of uh the production of
nuclear subs for the Navy. You and you
have a famous case there of some
fishermen who, you know, experience an
alien abduction and have a UFO
experience. So,
>> yeah, there's something going on with
the ocean. There is it's been from the
very beginning.
>> George Nap has interesting footage
around Baja Mexico. On the other side
you have Tampir which seems to be a hot
spot. You have the Caribbean Bahamas.
>> That's where all these guys are hiding
out.
>> That's exactly. Do you think there's a
possibility it's you know the
ultraterrestrial hypothesis? So this is
this idea that they are ancient remnants
of a like an anti-dolivian civilization
that existed pre ice age or pre- younger
days.
>> Anti-oluvian.
>> Yeah. and that they're more advanced
than they're like the place of what we
call Atlantis are these these beings who
have coexisted co-inhabited the earth
with us.
>> It could it really could very well be. I
mean if you just look at the size of the
ocean
>> Mhm.
>> you can hide an entire civilization down
there and we'll especially if they're
immune to the effects of the ocean. Um
just got to be deep. Yeah.
>> We'll never find them. Would any of the
scientific principles that you looked at
as far as the bubble being created
around the craft and all that somehow be
immune to salt water? Like would it be
able to travel transmedium because
that's one of
>> Yeah, absolutely.
>> Ah, it's so interesting because that's
the observable
>> bent around the craft. I'm sure a
raindrop would too.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> It's so fascinating.
I've been involved in this whole thing
since 1987.
And since the 80s or even before, let's
go even all the way down to the 60s.
Everybody always talked about the US Air
Force.
>> Mhm. And Project Blue Book.
>> And Project Blue Book. I mean, Bob Lazar
comes out in 1989 and says they weren't
crash saucers. They were intact.
Yeah.
>> And it's the Navy that's in charge. And
funny enough, 40 years later, that's
what people are talking about. Y
>> So, you know, when I see the new
whistleblowers come out like Eric Davis
or people that we're seeing,
>> I'm not skeptical at the fact that they
were involved in something. What I find
very con like basically very interesting
is that they're all saying exactly what
Bob said in 1989, but they never say Bob
Lazar is possibly factual.
>> Right. Right.
>> No, it's hilarious.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Well, Bob has nothing to do with that.
But everything he said is right, though.
Yeah.
>> They're like high level. There's
definitely a decadesl long
multigenerational crash retrieval
operation. But the one guy who says he's
worked on the crap is somehow full of
>> No, it doesn't make sense. Everything is
right though. Believe there aren't that
many crashes.
>> There just aren't that many crashes.
>> How if you had to guess how many crafts
are in US possession now in hangers
>> now? I don't know. I mean nine.
>> Nine for sure.
>> Yeah. Yeah. That's it. I mean I can only
talk about what I've seen. Do you do you
think they have a sense of onlogical
tree? Like when you see all this stuff
around, you know, uh the ability to
manipulate timelines with looking glass
or or even just manipulate time on a
local scale. Um and then they're saying
that they found these things at
archaeological digs under the ocean. Do
do you have a sense that they have like
a metaphysical model that's like greater
than the average citizen? So it's like
their origin story of humanity
>> maybe.
>> You think maybe?
>> Yeah. I think I think there's a good
chance of that.
>> Is your kind of AAMS razor explanation
that these are extraterrestrials? Do you
think they're time travelers? What do
what do you think?
>> Oh, I think that that's that's all
equal.
>> I mean, there's just as much chance that
they're, you know, time travelers,
visitors from another dimension, us from
the future, or aliens. I I don't see
anything pointing in any specific
direction. I go with the aliens just
because we've seen it so much in our
movie. I think we're just trained to
think that.
>> And it's it's palatable. See other
worlds. This can go travel in another
fashion and get there. There's probably
life there. They probably build things
and you know, it all makes sense. Yeah,
>> you know, but when you go to other
dimensions in time, well, can you even
time travel at all? I mean, is will that
ever be possible, you know, maybe, maybe
not? How do you get here from another
dimension? Why would you care? Why would
you go to another dimension and start
hassling people over there, you know?
So, I mean, the other things don't make
sense. So, yeah, I lean I guess the
outcomes razor is aliens. Um,
but it could be any one of the other
possibilities or one that we haven't
thought of. That's just completely
ridiculous.
>> What do you think was the top speed
>> of just conventionally moving?
>> Yep.
>> I don't think it really had a very high
top speed
>> really.
>> Yeah. Hm. Like if you had to
>> It depend I mean it depends on how it
was being because you can you can
maneuver it in a couple different ways.
>> So um
of course how would I know? I mean the
the speed it could attain but I'm just
thinking about an omeron mode where it's
just
sitting there and moving. But you think
about
>> delta
>> Yeah. at at at delta the the speed's
going to be near infinite. It's going to
appear somewhere else.
>> You think almost close to the speed of
light or it would look like it's hopping
across spaceime or something.
>> No, it far exceed the speed of light.
>> Yeah. Because you're not going in a
linear fashion. You're just jumping
over.
>> Wow.
>> Because it's bending. It's warping
spaceime.
>> Yeah. So, it's, you know, for a given
distance, you'll get, you know, to the
destination far faster than you would if
you were traveling at the speed of
light. It's like crunching spaceime
behind it and then in front of it it's
like riding a wave or something.
>> It's it's just bending space around it.
>> Did you hear anything around pulses
invol involved?
>> Yeah. Yeah, it's it's not a continuous.
It's like a uh it it pulses. I don't
know what the maximum range of each jump
is, but I know it's like a 10
millisecond recycle time in between it.
So, the craft is always doing this.
>> When all three of the amplifiers are
being used for travel, they're in the
delta configuration. And when only one
is being used for travel, it's in the
ocron configuration.
>> You guys do an amazing job of depicting
the the configurations. And what so what
is Delta exactly?
>> Delta is using the three there's three
amplifiers. Delta.
>> Yes. And that's where they all focus
together on a destination.
>> Okay.
>> The craft puts its belly in that
direction and that's how it moves. The
omocron is where it only uses one
>> y
>> you know of the or the emitters.
>> Okay.
>> To propel itself
>> or it it's not really propelling itself.
It's doing the opposite. Essentially
create an indentation in spaceime. So
the craft f moves forward which always
gives it if it's operating in over
configuration it's never really stable.
M
>> it's kind of a you know somewhat
undulating movement
>> you know
>> that's so interesting and and um
>> yeah it's fascinating that that seems to
be a common thing the the craft wobble
>> this wobble
>> but when it switches to delta as soon as
the two other amplifiers come on
>> Yeah
>> online um that thing locks in space and
time
and then it's you able to focus in any
direction and move there
instantaneously.
>> Logan.
>> Oh, all right.
>> What's up?
>> What's good?
>> You're you're you're in our uh
midcentury living room set. You have uh
Luigi Vendetti, Bob Lazar, and uh Lo
Logan is a longtime UFO nut.
>> Okay. And uh do you watch WWE at all?
>> No.
>> He is the guy in WWE right now. He has
an amazing podcast as well. I've known
his brother actually for like a decade
plus.
>> Dude, I I got to say, Bob, it is an
honor to meet you, man. Absolute legend.
What a privilege to talk to you.
>> Oh, thanks. Good. Good to meet you.
>> I don't know if Jesse gave you any
context to why I wanted to talk to you.
>> They have a bit. Yeah, but maybe we'll
rehash it.
>> Okay. Okay. So, Bob, check this out.
Okay,
>> I have in my possession UFO footage that
has a story behind it um that is
compelling but not convincing. And I've
been waiting to do just do something
with this footage or receive
confirmation of sorts. And I see this
particular orange disc sometimes in in
in UFO videos and documentaries I'm
watch it pops up every now and then. But
when I was watching the trailer for S4
that you guys released, about 80% of the
way through the trailer,
you guys show a disc that is at night
but then kind of coats itself in this
orange
>> thing. That's right. Yeah,
>> dude. I paused it there and I said, "Oh
my god, that looks exactly like the
footage that I have." So, this footage,
supposedly authentic, was taken by two
college kids who wanted to go to Area 51
in the '9s. I believe it was 1995, and
film their experience of trying to see
if they could stumble upon um a a UFO or
just alien activity of sorts.
Let's break this down. A couple of
collegeage guys drove out to the Black
Mailbox, an infamous landmark entrance
point to Area 51. It's along the road
that leads to Groom Lake, extremely
close to where Bob said he worked.
It's nighttime.
They're parked right in front of the
fence surrounding the secret facility.
The lights are off on their car and they
have a camera resting on the armrest
pointed through the front windshield.
And then it cuts to under the dashboard
and you see something very clearly
illuminating like the top of the
dashboard and they're like hunkered
underneath the car and they're
whispering to each other like I I I
think it's out there like I don't know
what it is. Maybe we should go out and
and and they're like they're like kind
of scared.
Get down. Get down.
>> The batteries.
>> Then something appears just beyond the
glass.
The craft is hovering extremely close to
the car. It's orange and slightly
wobbling or undulating in place as if
it's on a wave.
You can hear the two guys whispering.
Look out there.
over there.
>> Yeah, that to me is exactly how it was
described by Bob. It's exact like like
your hand did your handedness. It's
moving the right way. It's the right
color and it's the right shape.
>> Um, so it makes it very compelling.
>> The intensity of the light, there's
something very very bright that is
affecting that. The dash is being lit.
It's it's the the dash of the vehicle
and the craft is above it.
>> Right.
>> And look at the intent. Here's the dash
and look at the intensity of the light
that's going to happen here. Right.
Whoa. There. Those those are really You
can And it's fading in.
>> Yeah. You can't fake that. You can see
that it wobbles. It wobbles like
>> it wobbles. That's the important thing.
Yeah. So, it's does comport with your
video.
>> It wobbles. It glows like that in that
color in that shape.
>> That's wild, dude.
>> Yeah.
>> It's wild.
>> It's impressive. It is.
The craft emits an orange reddish color
which is not a coincidence. A craft with
strong field interactions like the ones
that Bob alludes to creates an ionized
plasma sheath around itself. The
dominant atmospheric gas on Earth is
nitrogen. Ionized nitrogen that
interacts with plasma glows red orange.
This classic observation of a glowing
reddish or orange ball of light moving
silently and erratically is one of the
most commonly reported UFO descriptions
across decades of sightings worldwide.
>> No way. Did you see that move it?
>> No, I didn't.
Now, I know this footage is grainy, and
while certainly fascinating, it's far
from conclusive, but it is another
fascinating data point.
What Luigi's movie almost definitively
vindicates is the existence of S4.
Remember, when Bob went public in 1989,
Area 51 itself hadn't even been
officially acknowledged by the
government. And to this day, S4's
existence is still denied. It's not
supposed to exist. But Luigi used Google
Earth's historical imagery to go back in
time and found a 2022 version of the
area surrounding S4 that was not yet
blurred to obscure the site. And yet
vehicle tracks are visible in these
older satellite images.
>> You can clearly see the tracks. Look at
them going in every direction. And you
could look at all the the traffic.
>> Yeah. Right.
>> Yeah. That's not one guy driving around.
>> No, that's not one guy driving. Exactly.
So
>> like and there's no public out there. So
what are you doing?
>> Luigi also shows Bob a highquality
aerial photograph taken by a pilot
roughly 17 miles from Papoose Lake. The
image had previously circulated online,
but Luigi enhanced the contrast a bit to
reveal additional details. And if you
look carefully in this version here
where it's the contrast has been
changed, the as we zoom,
look what you see.
>> Yeah, you can start seeing the
>> you see them clearly right there.
>> Yeah. The slanted rectangular doors.
Yeah. Finally, and perhaps most
damningly, the map of Papoose Lake was
literally altered 8 days after Bob Lazar
went public in his first anonymous
video. You heard me right. They changed
the map 8 days after Bob started to
speak out. And the map was clearly
modified in a way that would
specifically hide the existence of S4.
Bob went public on May 15th, 1989.
>> Mhm.
>> And he didn't come public. his name
wasn't public. It was him as Dennis as
in silhouette and and uh and eight days
after that the United States Department
of the Interior who works on the
geological maps of the landscape at the
test site where it's Groom Lake, Papoose
Lake and the whole Nevada test site
actually modified all the maps there
specifically Groom Lake and Papoose lake
and the Papoose Mountain Range there.
And there's a stamp on all the
modifications cuz it mod the
modification was dated 1989.
So on the actual small print, it says
maps modified 1989, but the stamp of the
exact day is May 23rd, 1989,
exactly 8 days after Bob went public.
And specifically they are getting
>> Papoose Lake.
>> Jo Papoose Lake. So they're removing S4.
>> No, what they remove what they the spec
the specificity there is the specific
thing they removed is there's a road
that leads from Groom Lake down to
Papoose Lake. And as it leads down to
Papoose Lake, the north end of the lake,
the road forks off. It splits off in two
areas. to the west of Papoose Lake and
to the right of Papoose Lake where S4
is. They specifically removed the road
to the east of Papoose Lake and they
kept the same one to the west, which why
would they do that? Why would you
suddenly remove the road that goes to S4
>> and leave everything else there?
>> And leave everything else there.
>> Yeah, that is an amazing discovery.
>> Yeah. And it's there. I mean, it's not
like we're not making anything up here.
I I was very specific of like I don't
want to put anything that makes us look
like we're inventing stuff. This is
verifiable. You could order these maps.
The other thing I think that's
interesting is for for people doubting
the story, Jeremy Corbel and Ross
Koulthart found a bunch of people who
have verified Bob's presence at S4,
right?
>> Uh
>> I don't know if you have as well.
arriving at 51 or getting on the bus or
something.
>> That's right.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. I think they found a bunch of
>> George Knap also had some people and
they got threatened back then and they
were told six people that were
threatened and and basically they never
made it forward. George talks about it
in in the interviews we did with him and
he's talked about it in the past and he
says they all received the phone call,
they were all threatened and they never
went public. And and you know for
anybody who's a Bob Lazar detractor or
doesn't believe the story, you then have
to not believe George Knap because why
would George lie about that? What's his
what's the benefit here? You know, and
somebody's going to say, "Well, it's
because he put his name attached to the
Bob story." No, not when that was
happening. He was still investigating
the Bob story. So, he said that back
then. It's not like it's new
information.
>> Well, he was getting a lot of
>> Yeah. He was getting the story back
then. It was not certainly not a feather
to stick in his cap.
>> You know, it it's it's something I I
really want to put a lot of emphasis on
because of all the haters out there is
this happened when he came out. It was
in 1989.
>> It was a different era. It was a
different time in the world.
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah.
>> So, you know, the people now that think
that Bob Lazar is a grifter or what
where I'm a grifter cuz I'm making a
movie about this and whatever. You know,
this happened 40 years ago. I was
interested in UFOs 40 years ago. And
believe me, I was not popular. This was
the most unpopular topic when it came
out. It was considered to be so don't
touch that because it's going to ruin
your life. So why would first of all why
would Bob Lazar do that? And then why
would George Knap, a respected
investigative journalist in Las Vegas
who already was well known and had a
good job, why would he hang his his
reputation
and ruin his entire career just to
support another li another liar?
>> Like it doesn't make any sense to me.
No. No. It really does. So, you know,
let's not forget those.
>> Yeah. And he has multiple pea bodies.
He's well respected. Exactly as you
said, outside of UFOs.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Did you learn any other details
about the guy that had died that you
were replacing?
>> Yeah, they had an operating reactor.
>> So, apparently, which is also brings up
all kinds of other questions to me. Um,
apparently the reactors and all the
craft are exactly the same.
>> So,
that makes me think of a manufacturing
facility.
>> Yeah. That's like a Ford making an
engine and it goes in, you know, a bunch
of different models. How can all these
crafts have the same,
you know, the same power system or
propulsion system in them? Um,
>> anyway, I don't want to go off on a
tangent, but he had a reactor, so it was
probably from some one of the other
crafts. And
why they did this is beyond me. They
took it out to the nuclear test site and
they physically cut into it while it was
running under load and it exploded and
all I think there were three guys there
maybe more. They were all killed.
>> So number one, why would you do that?
Number number two, it makes me think
either they were extremely desperate
>> and want to just well find out what's in
there and you know and
uh why would you even do it while it was
operating or extremely confident
>> that they knew what was going on in the
reactor where they could safely cut it
and they had a reason
>> to get in there. Um, but apparently that
information never made it back, whatever
they gleaned from it or even their
suspicions at the beginning because
Barry and I were kind of starting from
the beginning on the reactor.
>> Uh, so
everything they had done previously was
lost. M
anyway,
>> you ever learn the guy's name or any
details about do does Barry have a last
name or
>> Yeah. Barry Castillio. Cast it's spelled
Castillio but Castile. I don't know how
it's pronounced. Yeah.
>> Have you ever tracked him down after
>> I I think briefly decades ago made a
real Cuz there was another guy that
would come in and out once in a while
named Renee.
>> Okay. don't remember his last name, but
I mean at at some point I really put a
lot of effort into trying to find Dennis
Mariani and Barry and uh I think some
people did track down Dennis. I think he
died not too long ago.
>> Okay. Um,
I don't know about Barry, but uh I I
never was never able to find it because
I mean back in the time I was looking
for him, there was no internet. Sure.
You know, so you had to go through
public records and stuff and
>> uh it was much more difficult than it is
now.
>> Yeah. And I I know of one instance in
which the name Dennis Mariani was
corroborated by somebody at, you know,
Nevada test site. And so, um, you know,
I won't I won't go further than that.
But, uh, because it's not it's not my
thing to tell, but you're you're giving
names and, you know, I think some of
these people could still be alive, which
is pretty remarkable, too. Like, maybe
we could track some of them down and
>> they could back you up. I wonder I mean,
they have to know.
>> I'm kind of wondering why nobody else
came out, you know?
>> Yeah. Um,
I mean, although Barry wouldn't talk
about it much, you know, um, there are
times and I kind of mentioned, you know,
holy cow, can you believe this is being
kept secret? And he goes, I it sucks. I
know. So, he didn't think it was,
>> you know, he wasn't with the program as
far as keeping this from, you know, the
entire world.
>> What was his background?
>> No idea.
>> Okay.
>> No idea. Um, but there was kind of a
collegial goodwill between you and him.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Yeah. And he'd goof around sometimes,
which was nice because everything else
was just so rigid and military. So, you
know, I'm sure you heard the story where
he threw the golf ball at the the
reactor and, you know, sometimes we'd
start just start talking about stupid
stuff. It was it's good to see a normal
person, you know, that just acted like,
you know, a human instead of a robot.
>> What happened when he threw the golf
ball at the reactor?
>> Uh he was showing me the field on it and
he said, "Check this out and took a golf
ball and, you know, intending to hit the
reactor and instead it it bounced off
the field and then hit a ceiling tile
which dislodged it and made all the
little particles, you know, come down."
And we knew Dennis was going to be
coming back in two minutes. So it was,
you know, red alert. We had to, you
know, grab the stools and go and
reassend and clean it up and everything.
And and you know, shortly after that,
Dennis walks in with, you know, what's
going on? Nothing. Nothing.
We're working like we should be. So
>> I mean, this is a remarkable detail.
Around the reactor, you have this sort
of force field like thing, this like
repelling force.
>> Yeah. Yeah, once the uh a hemisphere on
top of a plate, you know, about the size
of a basketball, maybe a little bigger
on top of a 15in square plate. Um the
hemisphere is removable. Once the
hemisphere is put back on, um, if the
emitter is in the right position, the
reactor will turn on immediately and
it'll produce a gravitational field
around it and you can push on it and you
you can't you can't touch the reactor
from that point. I mean it and it it's
somewhat elastic, you know, like if you
have two light poles of a magnet pushing
them together, you get that it's the
exact same feel, but without metal, just
your hands. But as I said before, what
what's really interesting is, you know,
you can move the reactor on the table
and once you turn it on and you're
pushing on the field, the reactor
doesn't slide.
So it's not transferring the force to
the reactor.
>> It's pushing your hand away.
>> But so that's that's it's that's really
interesting to me.
>> How did the reactor work?
>> This is all guess. This is just all
guess work.
>> Yes.
>> Um it has a super heavy element in it
>> which appeared to be 115 on the periodic
chart. Uh there's a little tower
>> in it and from X-rays we could see that
there's a loop around the base plate.
>> So it was theorized apparently Barry
with his other lab partner. They thought
that was a uh cyclron an accelerator
and that the tube that came up the side
was an off-ramp essentially. And that
particle or whatever was being
accelerated interacts with the 115 and
somehow that produces the gravitational
field.
>> How did it feel on your hand?
>> It it it felt exactly like pushing
magnets together.
>> Okay.
>> It was just elastic. I mean, it was
compressible to some degree and then
when it got close to it, you're nothing
is getting past that. With magnets, you
have to have like poles for them to
repel.
>> Yeah.
>> And in this case, you're not, you know,
>> it's just matter repelling matter.
>> Yeah.
>> Without polarity,
>> does it feel like a What does it feel
like? Does it is there a texture to it
or
>> No, it's just it's just elastic, but it
it it becomes it's not linear.
>> But does it feel like
>> it does it's logarithmic? You know, it's
it's easy to push and then it becomes m
possible. There's no way you're getting
past the next 3 in. You could probably
sit a car on top of it and nothing would
change.
>> Does it feel like saran wrap or does it
feel like like what what does it feel
like when you're in it? Does it feel
like
>> No, it just feels
>> it's literally like air. Like
>> Yeah, I I see what you're saying.
Describe that.
>> Yeah.
>> Like is there a coolness, a heat? Uh,
it's just like spaceime itself.
>> Yeah. It's just
>> I don't know how to describe it. Yeah.
But it's it's just there.
>> I mean, at this point, I don't I don't
even think it's gravity.
>> What do you think?
>> I think this is another completely
unique force. It doesn't behave enough
like gravity. and explain why it's so
different. Look,
>> I mean, because
at least my thoughts at this point are I
think gravity is just a property of
matter and it's only an attractive
force. I'm not sure you can have
anti-gravity. M
>> um like if it was gravity, you know, at
one point Barry showed me he had one of
the emitters it working. He put a lit
little kitchen candle right at the focal
point and he powered up the the reactor
and the flame stopped flickering. It
stood there frozen in space and time,
but I could see the light from the
candle. The flame was still visible.
Also, he removed the candle and then
rotated the emitter. I don't know if it
was another direction or more the same
way, but it made a little black ball in
the air where no light was escaping,
looking like a little black hole, but
no, you could just tell there was no
light at the focal point right in the
air. It was just a a dark area. So,
there it's affecting light, but it
wasn't in the candle test before that.
So, it it it's a really unusual unusual
thing.
When Bob mentioned this anomalous force
coming from the craft's emitter, I
immediately racked my brain for anyone
in conventional aerospace circles who
talks about something similar. And then
I realized I just interviewed the lead
electrostatic scientist at NASA, Dr.
Charles Beller, who talks about
something very similar. Okay, where the
heck is this energy coming from? Because
if I was to stick this in space, it
would accelerate
with the power off.
>> That's a problem.
You see, there's a long lineage of
people studying gravity control or
anti-gravity in the United States.
Perhaps my favorite example is
mid-century inventor Thomas Townsen
Brown who discovered that when you apply
a high voltage to certain asymmetric
capacitors, they produce thrust. That's
right, propulsion with no fuel, no
exhaust, no propellant, just electricity
as the input, converted directly into
motion. A new model for space propulsion
that could eliminate crude chemical
combustion rockets forever. Now, you
might think that's insane and defies
Newton's laws, and I'll spare you all of
the corroborating research that I've dug
up, showing that Brown made real
breakthroughs in the world of
anti-gravity.
Dr. Charles Buer at NASA has taken
Brown's experiments to the next level
with modern instruments, more rigorous
controls. where we see about 0.1 g that
corresponds to about 1 million of thrust
>> and decades of electrostatics expertise
from his work at Kennedy Space Center
behind him. He's done over 2,000 of
these experiments and controlled for
just about every variable you can think
of. And he's also getting millons of
thrust, basically real propulsion with
electricity as the sole input. And you
can't really argue with his authority to
make these claims. The man literally
runs electrostatics at NASA. He's the
incoming president of the American
Electrostatics Society and he's
contributed two fundamental principles
to the field of electrostatics that are
now widely accepted. So, this is kind of
an interesting moment in history because
we have a man who reverse engineered
UFOs and then we have a NASA lead
electrostatic scientist. So, I thought
I'd just leave it to you guys to kind of
nerd out.
>> Yeah. Well, first of all, hi Charles.
>> Hi, Bob. This is a very exciting moment
for me. I'm a big fan.
>> Now, the thing about Bob Lazar is he
kind of exists on an island. We've never
seen him interact with other highly
credentialed engineers in aerospace. And
what I've learned after spending time
with him is he's actually pretty
skeptical when it comes to other
scientific anomalies. Man, I'm real
interested to hear, you know, your
physical experiment setup. It is it is
it a hybrid of your idea and TT Brown's
or is it are you just duplicating one of
his experiments? I mean, what can you
explain to me what it looks like? What's
your test setup look like?
>> Gosh, there's 2,000 variations. I'll try
to do my best.
>> I mean, how how is this you I'm sure
you've seen the lifter ion motors and
stuff along those lines. How is it
different from those?
>> A few ways. Um the ion thrusters
obviously use ions in air to give the
momentum conservation. What's
interesting about this force um even
though it's sort of the same geometry
can be used uh but at high vacuum you'll
get the thrust but it's always in the
opposite direction of the ion thrusters
which is really cool because what
happens is you have a sharp electrode in
the ground plane. However you do that,
you can come up with a million ways to
do that. In air, when you do that,
you'll break down the gases either in
the corona or some fold like that. Um,
in vacuum, we can actually see uh these
forces arise, but they're always in the
opposite direction of the ion wind,
which is really interesting.
>> That is very interesting.
>> The same direction as the rocket
exhaust. You never think of that with so
it really messes with you. So that's
what's interesting about it. That's one
main difference.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah. That Well, that's really
interesting. I I mean it that the fact
that it's in the opposite direction of
uh an an ion where an ion thruster would
be and you've done it in a hard or
reasonably hard vacuum and you're
getting measurable thrust.
>> Well, we have we've been doing that
since 2020. So for the last six years we
test almost every day probably every
other day. Uh different configurations
will zero in on a configuration test
another concept. Um and that is an
ongoing iterative process. So yes, we
have tested high vacuum 10 to the minus
6 or better. The chimp can get up to
10us 7, but enough to prove to us that
there's no ion wind.
>> What kind of thrust in Newtons or grams
are you getting?
>> Well, we're we're still playing around
in the hundreds of microns or mill
ranges. So I think the highest we've
gotten is probably up to the 50 mill
mark. Um but that's when we stack these
together. We don't learn a lot from them
when we do that other than we can make
more thrust, which is important. Um, but
we like to understand the thrust
density, if you will, of each thruster.
So, we're trying to optimize each type,
um, optimize each parameter space that
we have access to before we can get to
larger chambers or outer space to test
the mega structures.
>> Physically, how big are these thrusters?
>> Oh, they're not very big. Um, they're
about 6 in, maybe 6x6 roughly. Okay.
>> That range. It's a nice size. You know,
we can make them bigger, but we don't
gain anything by that. Um we just try to
keep them manageable so that we can you
know do different things with them you
know stack them um try different
voltages and then we try to measure the
currents and make sure that in many
cases there's there is no current which
is very odd.
>> Yeah I would say
>> isn't that interesting?
>> Yeah I' I'd say
>> turn the power source off and it keeps
going.
>> Wait what? Yeah, it is very annoying
that in some cases when we trap the
charge in there, that's all that's
required.
>> So, that really eliminates a lot of
things.
>> So, a a a physically larger one doesn't
get you any more thrust, but you can
stack them and get increased thrust.
>> Well, a physic large one will, but we
won't learn anything from it. You know,
we can do eight inches or 10 inches,
which we have, but we're not learning
anything from we want to learn, you
know, what is the best geometry shape.
We want to optimize. We know area is one
of the ways that will be optimized later
once we're in space. But on ground test
articles, we're kind of fixed by the
geometry of our chamber. Once we get
some funding here, we do Drew does have
almost a walk-in size chamber in its
garage. You can walk in it.
>> When that comes online in a few months,
then we can test much larger versions of
it. So the thrust does depend on the
area, it does depend on the volume, it
does depend on the voltages, the typical
things you would expect,
but we try to optimize it as much as we
can with the chamber we have actively
running right now.
>> How much how much are you charging them
up to? What kind of voltage are you
using?
>> Well, when we started in 20 2016, it was
at the towns and brown level. 150,000
volts.
>> Okay. Okay. Yeah. Uh, thank goodness
we're not anywhere near that now. I
think we're we're we're operating right
now about 400 volts.
>> You're at 400 volts.
>> Yeah. So, he his belief is that it's um
really Brown thought that the voltage
range was, you know, the the thing
causing the thrust. But Charles's belief
is that that's sort of a proxy for
electric field strength. And there are
obviously other ways to amplify electric
field strength at lower voltages. And
so, he's using 400 volts.
It's shocking.
>> 1.5 millons.
>> It That's unbelievable.
It It real Man, I want to come over and
hang out with you.
>> I can introduce you guys. Put your hands
on it. Do whatever you like. You're more
than welcome.
>> Isn't that exciting?
>> Yeah. I can't believe you're getting
these results. And I can't get past the
400 volts either. If you increase the
voltage, you don't see any change in
thrust.
>> Oh, you'll get more thrust for sure. We
like to stay 200 volts, 500 volts. We
like to stay low if we can.
>> Okay. Yeah,
>> it's a preference. We I mean we'll
average we'll test up to two 2500 volts.
We can start worrying about breakdown
when you get above, you know, above that
because these systems are getting much
much smaller. So, we don't have access
to the higher fields anymore.
>> It's material properties that we have to
deal with. But, but we like the two 300
volts. It it gets rid of other nuances
like corona wind or anything like that.
>> Right. Right. Yeah. All that stuff gets
tossed out and
>> Yeah. You're not even ionizing the air
in 400 volts. I mean, it's nothing. That
that's that's why I was so shocked
because all those other effects drop
out, right? As soon as you drop the
voltage down that low and you can you
can get some cleaner data then. That's
damn this is really cool.
>> We're converting Bob on Towns and Brown.
>> Yeah.
Well, they thank you for this. Really
appreciate it, man.
>> Good to meet you.
>> Good to meet you, too. Take care, guys.
>> Take care.
>> That's re That's really fascinating.
>> Isn't that wild? Yeah, it's a little
more than just wild.
>> I know, right?
>> Yeah, it is. I mean, that's that's
significant.
>> I think so.
>> It could really be significant. And you
know, the thing is the first thing I
would I would point out there's
something wrong with your test. But not
in 1500 tests.
>> No.
>> And you know, you know, when you've gone
through it that many times and have done
it for this long,
>> boy, and you've adjusted all the, you
know, potential parameters and fallouts
to uh
>> No, I can't. I know.
>> Yeah. I You got to assume there's
that the thing's working. But you also
you mentioned DC voltage in the craft
and that was yeah that's also a towns
and brown that is high DC voltage.
>> Yeah it's not just high DC voltage I
even mentioned it on u you know Joe
Rogan that I I think the material the
craft is made from is an electric
>> and so it always just like a
>> a magnet always has a magnetic field to
it. An electric always has an
electrostatic field to it.
>> Interesting. And I think I think that's
certainly something important.
>> Were there high climb rates to the
voltage likely? You know what I mean?
Like really high climb like like like
fast, you know, swinging up in voltage.
>> Oh yeah. I'm without a doubt.
>> It's so fascinating because it's it's
literally all the Towns and Brown stuff.
It's like fast high DC voltage like fast
climb rates. Yeah.
>> You know. Well, I wonder if that really
applies to the craft more than I was
giving it credit for. I think it does,
especially after your conversation with
Beer.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I mean, now that's making me
wonder. It It could very well be again
because of the high voltage on the craft
and
>> and it's DC, so there's no magnetic
field interference.
>> Yeah. Right, man. That's
>> We're making progress live here.
>> He might have been so far past this
already, but uh
>> Well, the funny thing about Brown is he
was looking for a power source that was
nuclear for like the rest of his career.
He figured out the electricics and then
he called it the flame jet.
>> Well, that would have been the guy to
have there other than me. Um
>> Well, I mean you and him I just walk off
set. No, you and him would be
>> I I just get in the way. But um yeah,
he'd be the guy to have there.
>> And you were given some theories like
there being two gravities, gravity A and
gravity B. Was that in the briefing
documents or was this told to you?
Actually, that's I think that was part
of uh what Barry Barry had um other lab
notes.
>> Mhm.
>> And I don't know if those were previous
docu or documents that he had, but there
were lab notes. And these this was the
direction they were going in at one
time.
There are two specific different types
of gravity. Gravity A and gravity B.
Gravity A works on a smaller micro scale
while gravity B works on a larger macro
scale. Gravity A is what is currently
being labeled as the strong nuclear
force in mainstream physics and gravity
A is the wave that you need to access
and amplify to enable you to cause
space-time distortion for interstellar
travel.
>> Gravity B is cos is like cosmological
scale and gravity A is like subatomic
scale
>> apparently. apparently, which it is
really interesting because I I remember
your like kind of OG science tutorial.
We were texting about it.
>> Yeah. The the the excerpts from the
government bible, your original tape
that you did
>> and it's it's amazing. So, it's it
sounds like this the kind of gravity a
is like basically the perimeter of
>> of the the atom or what you're dealing
with. But
>> so you have to scale.
>> Again, I'm just repeating stuff that I
was told. It's not like I conducted an
experiment to verify that.
>> So,
>> but it it is almost the solution to what
has been keeping physics stuck for so
long, which is the quantized gravity.
>> Right. Right. Possibly.
>> That's so if in fact that's gravity.
>> Have you ever, you know, we were talking
about this, but um gravity-like fields
and I want to give this to you because
you can make sense of it more than me
and um we were talking about this last
time.
>> This is this guy Burkhardheim. Have you
ever heard that name? I've heard the
name but I don't know anything about
him.
>> So he at at the age of 19 um became deaf
and blind due to an explosion and he was
a German and he ended up moving over to
the US and working for Loheed Martin in
the ' 50s and was renowned as just a
total genius and he had a really
interesting uh theory of gravity which
involved I guess two gravitational
fields and like some of these like
subcomponents of gravity. I wrote this
down because it's honestly beyond my pay
grade.
>> Gravity breaks down big and small scale.
>> So it could be gravity A and gravity B.
>> Specifically standard gravity G is the
tensor summation of three gravitational
components. GG which G big G little G
which is scalar gravity propagated by
the graviton. G
>> by the graviton. So he's going with
gravitons
>> for that.
>> Okay. GGP dark energy/matter propagated
by the gravit gravato photon and GQ
vacuum field a repulsive force
propagated by the quintessence particle.
So in addition to the standard four
forces gravity electromagnetism strong
nuclear and weak nuclear eht which is
extended heim theory which is named
after him adds two previously
unrecognized gravitational forces which
brings us to six fundamental forces.
>> Wow. And what I find interesting about
that is there's a um Amy Escridge is
this anti-gravity researcher who
actually died under very mysterious
circumstances and she apparently was at
the end of her life kept talking about a
sixth force that was like
>> a sixth force.
>> Sixth force. Yeah,
>> the sixth force is anti-raity. That's
what my group has a mathematical
equation to physically describe. We have
sixth force on lockdown. And so I wonder
about, you know, this book and there's
these two guys in in Germany who are
very high conviction in this extended
time.
>> I'd like to read it.
>> Well, it's yours.
>> Well, thanks. Of course.
>> Oh, that's really interesting.
>> Isn't it interesting?
>> Yeah.
>> I I'm also on that. I think it it was
not gravity. I don't think it is. I
don't think it's gravity.
>> Yeah. Something else.
>> It's something else.
>> Yeah. Something else. Yeah, because if
it were, right, if it were a gravity
well that you'd normally see, it's a
little black hole, little gravitational
source, you'd just see everything
getting sucked into it no matter what.
>> Other things would have acted
differently, too.
>> Yeah. Light light lensing and Yeah.
>> Yeah. So, it's almost it almost has to
be. It almost has to be. Um,
>> it's almost like it had root access to
reality itself, like it froze time.
Yeah, but if it froze time, how come the
photons were still coming out of it? I
you see a glowing candle. It should be
dark.
>> Can it can it freeze time in some local
space,
>> but still
>> confine it?
>> Still the photons are flying out.
>> Or maybe and and if you say, well, it
doesn't affect photons. How come it made
the black little ball?
>> So,
>> what do So, have you What do you think?
Would you have a best candidate for what
it is? No,
>> there there is.
>> No, that's why I think I mean I lean
towards this is this is another force
and just stop calling it gravity.
>> But
>> do you think it's Barry said the only
thing we know that does this is gravity?
So we're calling it a gravity generator.
>> Okay. And then and it's and it's being
created
ostensibly due to this proton
bombardment of element 115 and then
>> possibly
>> you get 116 and then you get a decay and
then
>> if in fact all that's occurring.
>> Yes.
>> It's so interesting.
>> I mean don't forget that in the film we
did not include the mechanical watch
experiment that was also conducted in
the lab. So there was the candle, the
black ball and the mechanical watch. We
didn't put it in there just because we
wanted to shorten the film.
>> But there's there was another
experiment. Bob, remember you and there
was like a mechanical watch that just
stopped clicking.
>> Yeah. I mean that's that's another
>> indicator where Bob said just like the I
mean it's kind of similar to the candle.
It just stopped
>> but I could still see it.
>> Yeah.
>> It's like it's freezing
>> it time. It's freezing movement.
freezing movement
>> but not affecting anything else. There's
nothing that just freezes a movement.
>> No, it doesn't. But that is really time
is so weird cuz we we
>> there's nothing that inhibits kinetic
energy,
>> right?
>> Which would be that would be really
weird.
>> Well, it's so weird especially given all
the forms of possible kinetic energy.
You're talking about a a watch, a
mechanical watch and a flame are very
different things.
>> Yeah.
>> So that's so strange. While you were
there, did you tell anybody what you
were working on? You know, your your
wife at the time?
>> No. Huff?
>> You told Gene Huff?
>> Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> Well, I told John Leer, too. Yeah.
>> And you even brought them to see
>> Oh, yeah. To see the test. Yeah. Because
I had the test flight schedule.
>> Yep.
>> So, I know it's a Wednesday night. Yeah.
We're going out there and you guys are
going to see it.
>> This is John Lear and today is March
22nd, 1989. We're standing just about uh
8 miles due east of Groom Lake, Nevada,
the super government uh secret test
site. And just a few minutes ago, we saw
one of the government uh uh
extraterrestrial UFOs fly over there. Uh
we all watched it for about uh 7 or 8
minutes. Right here, I have my Celestron
scope. Uh it's 8 in. And I had uh had it
focused in for about 15 seconds and saw
for myself that in fact it was a disc.
Um there there isn't much to see with a
camera back in at that day.
>> And that was while you were working at
S4. You showed them that or was it
afterwards?
>> That was Boy, that's a tough question.
That was while I was working there.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> When you saw the UFO with Jean Huff and
John Lear and you you kind of, you know,
took them, what was it, to the little
messa? Was it a messa or?
>> No,
it was right outside. It was uh
>> Yeah,
>> before you know before you get to the
black mailbox. You know the reason
anybody knew about the black mailbox,
everybody wanted to know where the road
was that we turned down. When you come
up the highway, it's a first dirt road
you go down, but there's no landmarks
around there. And if you keep going like
another mile or two, there's a black
mailbox. So I just said it's around the
black mailbox.
>> Yeah.
>> And that just got repeated and everybody
thought
>> it's a black mailbox.
>> The black mailbox road is where it is.
It's not anywhere near where it is.
>> When when when all you guys went up
there and you saw the UFO fly and I'm
sure they were just totally shocked.
Were you allowed back at S4 after that?
>> Yeah. The Well, the Yeah, the first time
they didn't know we were out there.
>> Oh, they didn't know.
>> Yeah. Yeah, we we only got caught the
last time. Okay. So, they get and then
>> they would never have let me back.
>> So, after the last time you weren't let
back there,
>> right?
>> That was it.
>> That was That was absolutely it.
>> You were finished after
>> No, they're not going to Oh, come on
back. It's No.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> They were pretty pissed.
>> Yeah. Why did you decide to come out and
approach?
>> I don't know. Because like I was still
getting followed. there was always
somebody parked outside my house and I
was starting to get scared and I I you
know I think that's when I first started
telling Jean I said you know hey if all
of a sudden I disappear you know I'm
working out at the site there and
eventually I told him he said why are
you working on secret weapons or
something I said no I'm working on this
and you know kind of told him but um I
don't know I'm just getting concerned
about
what's going on
>> why do you think they were following
Yeah,
>> I don't know. It might just be normal
security.
>> Did you take anything from the lab?
>> Well,
not at that time.
>> Okay.
Okay. Later. But that's interesting that
they were We'll file that away. But but
it's interesting that um they were
following you as if you had done
something wrong when you were just
showing up to work. No, but I mean, you
know, they were still doing
they allowed me in there and they were
still progressing on my clearance. They
were still going through background
checks and but they really wanted me on
site operating quickly
>> and they kind of let that slide because
I've had clearance before. So, you know,
but um I think yeah, they were looking
at some other things too.
>> Got it. that concerned him
>> about you personally
>> about my relationship.
>> Okay, got it. And so and then they were
digging into that. That's kind of
>> Yeah. You know, you have to have a
stable family background if you're going
to be, you know,
>> playing around with state secrets and
stuff like that.
>> Sure.
>> They want you being crazy. They don't
want you drinking. They're going to be
checking out,
>> you know, how you play with friends if
you were going to rages. They want to
make sure, you know, your wife isn't
running around. and they don't want any
stress or any anything to
>> but then at that point if you see these
like you know black cars parked outside
your house why isn't your reaction okay
I'm just going to kind of eat it like
they're going to like you know give me
like a colonoscopy as far as like you
know
literally like knowing 360 everything
about my life but I'll be able to retain
my job at S4 or do you just you get
scared and you're like I got to I got to
come out or
>> I guess it's I don't really remember how
I felt back then, but I I was just
getting a little concerned.
>> Yeah. And uh did you
>> I think it couldn't hurt to at least
tell one person, you know. So,
>> did you want cuz uh John Lear gave the
files on you to George Knapp, right? A
KAS. Is that how it went down or
>> gave the files on me
>> or gave the like um said like, you know,
>> hey, this Yeah.
John Lear is the one that contacted
George Knapp and said, "You should speak
to this guy."
>> Okay. So, he played kind of intermediar.
Did was he going rogue on his own or did
you say, "Hey, can you contact, you
know, George or somebody in the local
news to help me get this stuff out?" No,
I think I mean at that well things were
starting to get weird and um
uh I I don't really remember how that
went down, but I think you know George
said, "Look, you got to you got to get
the information out publicly because
that's the only way that's the only
thing that'll protect yourself." I said,
"That's really stupid. I'm not going to
do that." And you know, it was just a
couple days later going, "Well, maybe
it's not that stupid." So,
>> um,
>> and was it do you think it was, um,
self-p protection or idealism? Were you
was a part of you like, "This needs to
be out. This is crazy. The government's
hiding." Yeah. Yeah.
>> But it was, it was an equal part of
self-p protection,
>> too.
>> Yeah. No, fair enough. Um, Lear is
somebody I think a lot of people have
questions about because he was
>> he had crazy beliefs.
You know, I mean, some of the stuff was
so ridiculous. You know, I would sit
there and just talk to him and go, "You
are absolutely out of your mind if you
believe." I mean, he didn't believe the
sun was hot. And he said there were
people living in the sun there. So,
there's no one living in the sun, John.
>> And um said, "Yeah, they
>> they built the moon on Jupiter and uh
that's where they manufactured it and
they towed it into Earth's orbit." What
is giving you these ridiculous? Why are
you believing this nonsense? And um
>> how'd you meet him?
Um,
Jean Huff was a real estate appraiser
and uh, at the time John was looking to
get a loan on his house and um,
he had been on
George Knap had a show on the record
>> like after the news and John Lear had
been on there back when he wasn't so
have well I wasn't I wasn't going to say
he wasn't so crazy but didn't have such
crazy ideas, you know. I mean, he was uh
look, he was an accomplished pilot, a
brilliant guy, and he had, you know,
tons of files and had lots of great
contacts. The only problem with John was
he had no filter.
>> Yeah.
>> I mean, he could have a four-star
general tell him something and he'll
write it and put it in a file and he'll
have some derelict that's walking by his
house and go, "I know Jello thinks." and
he'll go all right and he'll put them in
the same file and they have the same
level of credibility going what are you
talking about you know um so uh he drove
me crazy because of that but um he did
you know earlier on he was
>> you know less exotic with his theories
and you know spoken to George Knapp I
had seen it on TV so had Gene Huff and
um anyway he wound up doing the
appraisal on his house and I went with
Jean Yeah.
>> To, you know, help him measure it. And
uh, you know, kind of got talking to
John and that's how we met.
>> He's such an odd character cuz his
father created the first business
airliner in the US. Bill, Bill, aviation
legend.
>> Bill invented the autopilot, invented
the eighttrack tape. I mean,
>> radio direction finder. Exactly. Yeah.
>> Yeah. He was he was quite a guy.
>> He was. And so um
>> but he I mean he had a problem with John
too. I mean John was eliminated from you
know his will and John showed me as
well. You know every paragraph said
except
you know everybody gets this except John
Olsson Lair. Except John Olsson Leer
except I mean he was so angry at his kid
just completely removed him from the
will. May maybe um Apple fell far from
the tree like you know as far as uh uh
uh you know aviation engineering prowess
or something but uh John Leer won all
sorts of records as a pilot. He was a
very impressive pilot.
>> Um
>> Oh yeah, credit is due where credit is
due. I mean he had all kinds of world
records and it's just uh
>> it's just his filter.
John Lear uh was super into UFOs before
you got the job at Area 51 S4. Like I
think he had a UFO blog. And so
>> do you think like it why do you think it
didn't come up in a background check
that you were friends with this guy?
>> Oh, it did. They absolutely asked me
about John like the first day.
>> Okay. Okay.
>> Yeah. What's your relationship with John
Le? In fact, that might have been the
first question really. Yeah. at EG&G
when I sat down. That's that Yeah. It's
the first thing they mentioned. Yeah.
>> And what did you say?
>> I said he's a crazy friend.
>> Yeah.
>> And uh
I don't remember what else, but I just,
you know, told him some stuff. Yeah.
He's met him and
>> Yeah.
>> He's uh it's fascinating. And I mean,
John would just do the craziest stuff,
you know, back then. He'd uh
he flew L1011s,
>> which is a big big jet, you know, I
don't know, it's 400 people on it or
something like that. And, you know,
occasionally he'd call and just go, you
know, it' be like a Tuesday night at
8:00. Hey, you want to go to
Minneapolis?
Okay. All right. Meet me down at the
airport, wear a suit, and come on. So
he'd be a pilot and you know the pilot
of the craft and I'd come on he said
just come on the tarmac and tell this
guy and you know walk up in the plane
and he'd tell the co-pilot and engineer
hey this guy's from the FAA so he's just
going to be observing us and taking it.
So I take the jump seat behind the you
know pilot and just fly with John.
>> Did he talk to you about UFOs before you
got the job at S4 Area 51?
>> No, he didn't talk to me about them but
I mean he spoke about them. Did he ever?
Yeah. I mean, he used to tell me there
are aliens living in the mountains
alongside
uh, you know, I think it's I95 or
something the highway. He said, "Yeah,
there's a billion of them in there." And
>> so crazy. Did he ever uh show you
anything Billy Meyers related?
>> I don't
I don't recall. Okay. I think I think
when I described
I think when I described the craft to
him and drew it, I think he brought out
the Billy Meer book and he said I think
that's where I first in fact it is.
That's where I first saw it.
>> So we saw uh we showed him the Billy
Meyers tape.
>> I said yeah that's that's not like the
craft that's the craft.
>> That's so interesting. So yeah he kind
of helped you piece it together. Is did
he um was he still affiliated with cuz
he was a CIA cargo pilot till 1983 I
think.
>> Yeah, that's true.
>> Did he uh continue flying for them after
that or did he dis Okay,
>> I don't think so.
>> Yeah, cuz he was he's this interesting
character to me because it seems like he
has crazy access to Area 51. like he's
like snooping around and taking photos
of like F-17s and he even
leaks the details of the F-17 to George
Knap, but then he still like knows all
the security guards there. So, I'm like,
what's his what's his deal? You know,
>> I mean, I had been out at, you know, but
before the S4 thing, um, you know, out
in the desert in the middle of the night
with binoculars and stuff trying outside
Tonopa.
>> Yeah. you know, trying to get pictures
of any new aircraft that's flying around
because I mean, he was obviously a big
aviation buff.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, and I was into that, too.
Sometimes I'd just go out and watch,
>> you know, fighters taking off from
Nellis Air Force Base because you could
get right up to the fence there and and
uh you know, so it was uh yeah, he was
definitely into snooping around and see
whatever he could find out.
>> I uh I mentioned Jacqu Valet uh earlier.
He you met him, right?
>> Yeah, I met him and you know we spoke
briefly and then uh
>> um from what I remember
uh somebody was talking about making a
movie with him
>> and then after hearing about me and
talking they started talking about well
maybe we won't we'll do it on Bob
instead and he was super pissed off.
>> Really?
>> Yeah. And then from that point on all of
a sudden,
>> you know, everything Bob said is crazy.
Really?
>> You know. Yeah. But uh yeah, initially
he was uh
>> cuz because yeah, he writes he wrote a
book called Messengers of Deception and
he writes about you and he says um you
know Bob Lazar seems to be very legit.
But uh he also talks about this pineaw
drink he drinks you know this this drink
he drinks and the memory lapses it
caused.
>> Now what? There's no memory laps. No
memory nonsense. It's it's, you know,
>> so it was like this vitamin B shot that
was like immunity related.
>> Yeah. Yeah. That's all it was. Again,
you know, we're working with completely
unknown materials. We don't know what.
And apparently people had severe
reactions to some of the stuff just
touching the craft.
>> So, yeah. So, they had dealt with that
before.
>> I feel like I can defend you on 99.9% of
things. And then the one thing I have
trouble with is the MIT thing because
that's the other thing circulating is it
was it did you get your masters there or
you were sent there?
>> I was sent there
>> on a specific kind of program isolated
program
>> and then
>> yeah and I did I I did a lot of auditing
>> in both places
>> and then on on Caltech for Caltech what
was that that so you were sent to MIT
and then Caltech was different. Caltech
was way before that. That was that was,
you know, but um
>> and
>> I don't know. I guess if I really look
through old paperwork and stuff, I can
come up with things, but that's never
been
>> Yeah. And I think George Knap found I
think some people who knew you at
Yeah.
>> Yeah.
One other question that people have is
why were you allowed to give him a tour
of Los Alamos after uh you know you blew
the whistle on Area 51? Like why wasn't
there this like nationwide directive at
all of the national labs like don't let
this guy back? Look, it was really
nothing. I mean, we got on a Southwest
flight,
came out there, rented a car, drove up,
and uh I still knew all the guards and
stuff like that. So, we came up and I,
you know, it's like, "Lazar, you're
back." Yeah. Just going in there to, you
know.
>> So, you think it was it was just like a
different time and they
>> Oh, it's you can't Los Alamos is so much
higher security now. I mean, it was so
nonchalant back then and we just wrote
right into the experimental areas, came
over here, I said, "George, this is my
desk."
>> Were you surprised of you nervous that
there would be some red alert?
>> No, not at all.
>> You were like
>> zero concern.
>> You didn't worry that there was any sort
of coordination between Area 51 and
>> Nobody knew what was going on there. It
was just like I said, it was very lax
atmosphere. In fact, um, a year or two
after that, they were so concerned about
that. I think they called it the Tiger
Team came in to test security there and
they failed so horribly
um that they just redid everything. And
uh, you know, after that point, you're
forget it, you're not going in. But um,
>> yeah, I like still had keys and things.
Yeah.
>> Yeah. It was it was not even a problem.
>> When did you start United Nuclear?
>> 999 2000.
>> Did you ever work with the government
with United Nuclear?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> I mean, we still we supply them, you
know, they they train uh Department of
Homeland Security, FBI. I mean, we we
sell them stuff all the time, especially
when they're training people to use
radiation detection equipment. I mean,
we'll give them or sell them, you know,
radioactive sources so they can go hide
something in a warehouse and give the
trainee a geer counter go find it, you
know. And
>> did you ever wonder why they didn't view
you as a liability given your, you know,
late 80s experience at S4 Area 51 and
they were just down to do contract work
with you?
I don't know. I don't know. You know,
but one hand doesn't know what the
other's doing in the government.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> It's it's kind of a mess.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No. And it's uh
>> I mean, in fact, part of, you know,
United Nuclear when it's just beginning,
um some of the stuff we're selling was
kind of questionable.
>> You know, this could potentially, you
know, be used for explosives or stuff
like that. So went down to the FBI and
reviewed everything with them and they
went, "No, you can. That's cool." Went
down to the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco,
and Firearms. No, we're we're good. You
know, the postal service. No,
everything's good. All right, great.
We're going to go selling it. And then,
um, you know, rated by the Consumer
Product Safety Commission. They come in
with a SWAT team with machine. Woke my
wife up out of bed with, you know, an
M16 pointer in her face. Jesus Christ.
You know, it's like we checked with
everybody. Ah, you didn't check with us.
So, don't you guys talk? So, yeah. One
hand has no idea what the other's doing
when it comes to the government.
>> Yeah. No, I believe that. Um, is there
any part of you that thinks that
they wanted you to come out and that
they wanted uh some frameworks cuz to
your point it's maladaptive to have this
completely shut out from like like to
have a STEM student who's talented and
you know
>> why the complicated
>> why I mean why make it complicated and
make me do it
>> right
>> why not just do it yourself
>> put out the high level framework and say
yeah
>> this whole complicated scenario with
this guy coming in and hope that he does
something you want. That that doesn't
make any sense.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, I think that's
fair.
>> There's this John Leer interview where
again this is it's impossible to parse
what the hell is going on with that guy.
>> Look, I have told I have heard John Leer
tell my story. Yeah.
>> And it is so wrong. It's un It's
unbelievable.
>> It's unbelievable. I mean, he puts I
mean, he inserts himself in there in a
prominent position, you know. Well, I
got Bob, you know, to get the job to
here and this and I What are you t It's
completely inaccurate. So,
>> yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And he in this
interview he says like um yeah, uh
Admiral Mlen who is a Navy admiral came
to me and he was MJ level, you know, MJ
obviously in the UFO lore would be like
the elite, you know, kind of committee
that governs this whole topic. came to
me and he said, "We got to get Bob on
the job because we know that we can hide
his it's it's in some ways it's
corroborating your story." Because it's
saying like, "No, he was there. He was
at S4. He was working on this stuff, but
we need to get Bob specifically because
we know we can have plausible
deniability because they'll never be
able to find his MIT records."
>> It turns out that MJ1, the head of MJ12,
is a guy named Admiral Mike Mlen. He
wanted to get some of the information
out because he he didn't re he didn't
want to uh he thought that some of this
information should be out in the public.
We don't need to keep all this secrecy.
So he decided trying to figure out a way
to get it to the public. So he knew that
uh I was a blabbermouth and I would tell
anything I knew. uh they investigated
Bob Lazar and they knew that he was a
genius
uh but that he had a background such uh
that they could instantly discredit him
>> and then I so I thought about that for a
while and I was like what the what is
this and I don't I couldn't even find an
Admiral Mlen and then
>> I've heard that name before but the
thing is I
>> that's interesting that you've heard it.
>> Yeah, I I have definitely heard the
name. It could have come from John Lear
but um I don't know. I mean that the
thing is some of the stuff he's saying
absolutely can be true or it absolutely
cannot.
>> Totally.
>> I don't know. But I mean, you know, I
love the guy. He's he was he was a great
friend. He just thinks differently
>> and uh I mean it it's sad he died. I
wish I had spent more time with him.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh but after I moved it was just
impractical. But um yeah, I mean if
you're talking about statements John
Leer made boy, it it's tough. It's
really tough to find out what's what's
accurate and what's not.
>> Decoding the Voy Voyage manuscript or
something. But um yeah, no, he's he's a
complicated guy. He um so I I think and
we talked about this a little last night
and maybe this is an interesting
follow-up for this show is um I think he
might have been talking about a guy
named Mike McConnell who became NSA
director later but he was involved in
some S4 Area 51 stuff related to Dan
Barish whose story I think honestly
holds up a lot less than your story. Uh
but it's it's you know it has to be
noted because it's one other guy who's
mentioning S4. Uh and so Mike
McConnell's kind of involved there and
he was a Navy admiral at the time. So I
think about that and I'm like I wonder
if Mike McConnell was
>> somewhat involved.
>> When you came out as Dennis, was that a
shot across the bow against Dennis
Mariani?
>> Yeah, sure was.
>> So you were trying to kind of get at him
a little bit?
>> Yeah.
What was what were your feelings towards
him kind of personally? Were you
resentful or were you Yeah. How how'd
you feel towards him?
>> I guess somewhat resentful. Um
I don't know. It It's hard to tap into
how I felt back then.
>> Yeah. Why do you think, And I know
Luigi, you might have some theories
here, too. Why do you think Dennis
wanted to meet up with you? at the end
of this whole saga and meet up with him
at the casino and then you're speaking
to him and Gene Huff is looking
>> and he's just not even like looking at
you like what what is that about?
>> I don't know. I think Dennis really had
something to say.
>> And uh I don't know. I don't know if
people from S4 got there and changed his
mind. M
>> I don't know if he intentionally
wanted me
to go out there just to get me away from
the house.
>> I I really don't know
>> cuz you got back to the house and
something
>> things were missing. Yeah.
>> Anything of consequence?
>> Yeah. Yeah. And uh
>> anything you can talk about?
>> No. Okay.
>> So, um
>> you know um
>> I mean there's I don't know. It's all
guesswork.
>> Yeah. I mean, when we when we sat down,
even Jean Huff, I spoke to Gan Huff
about that
>> and Jean's perspective to that was he
saw Bob walk up to
>> to Dennis
>> and it's it's an important part because
I always think about the fact that Jean
Huff was there,
>> Joe was also there.
>> Yeah. Yeah. But
>> yeah, we were all we all had eyes on
him. Yeah. And and what Jean said was,
"Well, you know, Bob Lazar walks up to
this guy, Dennis, this blonde, you know,
military looking guy, and Bob's talking
to him. The guy's not even looking at
him."
>> And that that caught Jean's attention.
It's like, you know, if Bob was making
that up,
>> what did he do? Just pick out a guy out
of nowhere and starts talking. If the
guy was a nobody, he would have turned
around and going like, "What do you
want?"
>> Yeah. You would have been like, "Stop
talking?"
>> Yeah. I I I mean, I kept saying,
"Dennis, Dennis, I'm here. You know,
what do you want? What What's going on?"
I don't remember my exact words, but he
never even looked up at me. And uh
>> Yeah. I just walked over to Jean and
said, "He's
>> I I don't know what the deal is with
Dennis." We both turned around and he
was gone.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> That's so interesting. So I I wonder a
part of me wonders if he himself
wanted to come out after you or
something or there was something he
needed.
>> Unfortunately, it's all speculation.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> He could have wanted to come out. He
might have been part of well let's get
Bob out of the house. Yeah.
>> He could there's a thousand but
>> there's no direction to go in.
>> I mean that was so striking from the
documentaries. They put a your gun was
set up in your own car and the doors
were open in the in the parking lot,
right? And then you walked in.
>> Yeah, that happened more than once.
>> That's scary, man.
>> Yeah. Did you
>> Yeah. And I mean, we would lock it and
test the door and because it had
happened before and go, "All right, it's
locked. Locked. Check. Check every
single thing. Okay, Mario, it's locked.
It's locked. Okay, we go into the gym.
We come back out. Everything's open."
Did you Was there ever a moment where
you were like over 50% I might get
assassinated?
>> Yeah, because it's it's why I said we
have to look under the car to see if
there's something wired in there or a
bomb. I mean, we were even afraid. The
only thing that wasn't open
um I think was the hood where the engine
was. So, we were afraid to open that,
you know, and finally did, but looked
over the car. But yeah, I was afraid
there was a bomb in there or somebody
wired it up. But I, as George said, I
think they were just screwing with me.
And Mario, you know, Mario talked a lot
with him and we we we really spent a lot
of time. And it's hard to tr he he also
kept saying it's really hard to like
explain and express what that worry was
cuz I was with he said I was with Bob
all the time and we were scared that
something was going to blow up and he
says I was so going through my hard
times that I didn't care. I just told
Bob stay out and I'll try it and he
would start the car cuz he was like
it I'm going to do it. But you could
sense that even from Mario's
perspective, there was a real worry. And
so, you know, this is this is a this is
something that clearly was causing a lot
of worry, not just for you, but for
Mario as well, cuz it's like, what the
hell is going on? The doors are unlocked
again, and you know, why are they doing
this? So, clearly, you think something's
it could go wrong. So there whe whether
they were trying to just intimidate or
do something whatever that was it was
happening according to to those guy to
these guys. Did you get the sense that
there were maybe mob ties like there was
some you know they they talk about the
UFO legacy program sometimes like it's a
cartel or like a mafia that exists
outside of the state. Did you get the s
and obviously you're, you know, going
back and forth from Vegas and Vegas is a
hot spot for that sort of thing. Did you
ever get that that sense?
>> Not that it was the mob per se.
>> Yeah.
>> But it was like these guys were
disconnected from the government.
>> Yeah. They were like their own
>> Yeah. They were their own cabal.
>> You kind of get that vi like even I feel
like John Lear was like like he had you
know there's a picture with him and
Gordon Litty. Do you know who that is?
This like
>> Yeah. I I know the name. I don't
remember who he is.
>> He was this FBI agent who was this kind
of agent provocator who was very
involved in Watergate and stuff. And you
get the sense that that whole world like
the the people the Mormons who were
around Howard Hughes and there was a lot
of mob, you know, there's a lot of mob
activity there. And it was like
>> they were kind of like you could you
could see a civilian government official
calling them and them being like
off is the vibe.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah. We're doing our thing.
>> That
>> Yeah.
>> is undeniable in my opinion.
>> You think so?
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> I'm 100% on that.
>> Yeah. I know you've also cuz you know
you live in Montreal and there's stuff
there and I'm sure you've you've bumped
into things and people
>> Yeah. I I I always talk about it when
when I talk when I hear about all these
government organizations and government
secrets and the intelligence community.
And I think a lot of researchers and a
lot of people researching this should
also pay attention to what organized
crime did back then, back in the 60s,
the 70s, the 80s, the '9s,
and how those organizations operated and
what they did cuz it's a very similar
way of keeping secrets.
>> And you know, I think that there is some
tie somewhere. I'm not saying that
they're involved and they're in charge
of anything. That's not what I'm saying.
But I'm saying there is clear motivation
for somebody who's trying to keep a
secret
to have ties with with let's say the mob
so that if ever something or somebody
does start going too rogue, well, you
could basically scare that person and
say, "Well,
you know, these guys will come after
you." Mhm.
>> And that'll scare somebody more than a
lawyer will come after you.
>> That's right. Well, it seems like they
they were going after they were going
after your marriage. And like they it's
all blackmail techniques. Like that's
what it it feels like. It's compromis.
And you look at
>> Yeah. They weren't they weren't taking
the legal angle at all.
>> No. Which is really if you want to
enforce something like that's that's the
way you do it.
>> Uh which is pretty wild. I mean, you see
this stuff with the Epstein thing, too,
where it's just they're just clearly is
this distributed kind of compromise
system and it deals with spooky sign. I
don't know if you're tracking any of
this stuff, but like
>> Yeah, I started looking into it that
>> isn't it wild?
>> Yeah, it's it's really wild.
>> And then he says,
>> and it's so widespread.
>> It's widespread. And here's what's
crazy. He's interviewed by Steve Bannon
and Epstein is this is at the end of his
life. Yeah. And he goes, "Why did you
put uh Zoro Ranch where you put it?" And
he goes, "Well, um, you know, a bunch of
Los Alamos physicists were retiring."
And so, you know, they were kind of
aging out and I wanted to speak with
them.
>> Los Alamos, which was the high energy
lab up in New Mexico, was losing all its
scientists.
>> And you bought your property out in New
Mexico to be near that.
>> Yes. Because the scientists were going
to be they cut the funding for high
energy physics. And you're like, "Oh my
god, how lax is our DOE, you know,
Department of Energy security?" And then
you realize, you know, Bill Richardson
was kind of in with the Clintons and he
was a secretary of energy.
>> And he's there and he's just
systematically siphoning American
nuclear secrets, which and then he goes
there's another email where he said, "I
I killed pawns back in the day or
whatever." And he's talking about pawns
and Flechmen who are claiming to get
cold results. And so he's like, "What is
Epstein dealing with cold fusion?" And
then he's he's hanging out at Harvard
with the math department.
>> None of that makes any sense. It's
>> weird.
>> None of that makes any sense.
>> Really strange.
>> I used to drive by that ranch all the
time. I lived really close to it when I
lived in New Mexico.
>> Yeah.
>> And uh they always called it the
Victoria Secret Ranch cuz were models
there. Yeah. Everyone knew that as the
Victoria Secret Ranch.
>> So you would drive by Epstein's ranch
and they would call it the Victoria
Secret.
>> You could see I mean not right by it,
but as you drive it on the road, you can
see it up on the Yeah.
>> Well, you know why they called it that?
That's cuz he was close with Les Wexner
who was the V CEO and founder I didn't
of Victoria's Secret. Yeah.
>> So you would drive by there and they
would call it that.
>> Everybody called it that. Yeah.
>> No way.
>> We'd drive up to Los Alamos to pick up
Alpha Radiation Probes that my company
did and uh you know we'd come back but
yeah every every time we drove out we
passed by it a couple times.
>> That's so nuts.
>> Damn. So what do you do you because like
it's also for the people that are like
>> disbelieve your stuff. It's like look at
all this bizarre it's like this cabal is
controlling science or something. You
know it's so weird. That is really
weird.
>> Yeah.
>> And it's again, you know, I'll say it.
It's it's it's just we're just talking
about Epstein. That's one guy. This one
guy. It's not just one guy.
>> Clearly not.
>> No, it's not.
>> It's not just one guy.
Yeah, it's just not it's not just
>> I mean he might have been the ring
leader but it's uh
>> there's a lot of people
>> or he might have been an extension of
something much but he was obsessed with
the Casemir effect and he would hold
these gra Oh yeah yeah yeah he would he
would hold these gravity conferences and
then the very fact that he said
>> I mean do you know that for a fact
>> yeah this is all in the emails this is
all a fact and yeah there's an old
colleague of mine Eric Weinstein that
>> talk effect and yeah
and so This old colleague of mine, Eric
Weinstein, has this theory of everything
in in physics where, you know, involves
gauging gravity instead of quantizing
gravity beyond my pay grade, but I find
it interesting. Um, and and Epstein like
somehow knew about his theory before
like just about anybody else did. And
so, so Weinstein's like, "How was
Epstein so tied in with the Harvard math
department?" Like,
>> do you think it was just his hobby or
something? Like science was his hobby
and he just had money. So he uh the
ability to connect to these
>> I think there you read his emails and
it's like there was somebody behind him
who knew exactly what to look for and
but he didn't know. He was like a
low-level version of it. And so he'll
say things like you need to boost your
physics. Time is much weirder than you
think. It's actually just a function of
the vibration of cesium atoms. And
you're like how who's giving you this
stuff? You know, and then he's sort of
like mining people for the info and it's
weird. I mean, did he he said that?
>> He said that. Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> Which is true.
>> It's an atomic clock. It's an atomic
clock. It's just a vibrating cium. So,
yeah. I mean, it it's it's true. I don't
know if that's what time is, but
>> it's our perception of time, right?
>> Time is very weird, isn't it? Wouldn't
you say in a just from a pure physics
perspective, it's it's a weird It's an
anomaly. It's strange.
>> Yeah.
>> Like like it's we can't It's the most
used noun in the English language.
But we can only define it with respect
to the movement of macroscopic bodies or
to oscillations on an electromagnetic
wave. But it's not like a it's a thing
that we're like it's almost like fish in
a fishbowl where like the fish are
trying to even describe what water is,
but they don't they can't because
they're in it and then we're in time.
>> No. Yeah. You have to be outside of it
to describe it. I mean that's that's it.
And you can't be outside of I it's it's
just a concept that makes us happy is
what time is.
>> Do do you think that there's something
about time being weird that might help
explain some of the UFO stuff?
>> Yeah, I think there's
there's definitely something there.
>> Yeah, cuz if gravity
>> gigantic chunks that are missing from
physics
>> and uh I think some people have access
to that. Yeah, I think so too. Yeah, but
I mean the um
cosmic red the other thing that this guy
Burke Hardheim says is that the cosmic
red shift is the repulsive form of
gravity. And if you look at dark energy,
you could literally just look it up.
It's like this. It's not one of the four
fundamental forces, but it's just, you
know, the universe is inflating.
>> Energy really exists,
>> right?
>> Yeah. Yeah. That's
>> And dark matter, too.
>> I'm not I'm Yeah, I'm not really buying
either one of Dark matter's never been
detected, but it's it's just there to
>> it's a placeholder
>> to justify gravity's weakness.
>> Yes.
>> Yeah.
>> And then
>> I mean to me that's I always viewed
that's what gravitons were. That's why
this caught my attention because he's
>> Yeah.
>> back on the graviton bandwagon.
>> Well, gravitons are interesting because
as early as the 50s, you know, there's
all this like crazy hardcore
anti-gravity research and then it kind
of disappears.
>> Yeah.
>> But you had a bunch of people saying
we're going to be gravity. It's right
around the bend. There's a guy named
George Trimble who was a VP at Martin
Corporation's RAS research for in
institute for advanced study and he was
this really wacky thinker and um he
worked with Lewis Whitten and probably
Towns and Brown and um
>> you know they would say like it was it's
going to take us the time that it took
to build the the atom bomb to basically
beat gravity and they were Stanley Deser
and Richard Arnowit who were famous
physicists at the time from Princeton
were talking about gravitons and they
were like we have a very clear theory of
gravitons and we know how to do this.
And the two things that come up for
gravity where there's a lot of smoke but
no fire is the thing we just talked
about with Ber extremely high electric
field differentials creating thrust and
then the second thing is very fast
rotating spinning superconductors. Those
two things seem to have some
>> but is that actually gravity?
>> So there's another force. 30 years has
gone by and I've kind of been doing my
own research
>> and uh I'm just more convinced that that
I'm right about that.
>> And can you say anything about that?
What do you think you're right about?
>> That there's another force and it's not
gravity.
>> And what is the if you were to
characterize that force as distinct from
gravity? So gravity clearly you'd have
all these other byproduct effects the
photons and
>> what what's what does this force do
that's different? What does it what does
it look like?
>> Well, it's a it's a repelling force.
>> Mhm.
>> But I I think it's something that works
closer to the way you would think in a
science fiction movie. You can have
gravity and anti-gravity, but you really
can. I think gravity is just an
attractive force. I think this other
force you can you can to make simplify
it push or pull
>> and I think it it also affects the flow
of time exactly like gravity does. I
think it affects light.
>> It does some of the
>> some of the observations you would have
with gravity would also overlap in this
other force. But I think it's I think
it's a unique force. Have you ever
measured this force?
Next question.
>> Um,
>> all right. Yeah.
>> Do you have?
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> How have you measured that?
>> Uh, no. No, there's no follow-up
question.
>> Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Fine.
Fine. Fine. Fine. Um, is there anything
uh kind of high level that you can say
as far as your the goal of your
research, you know, post the experience?
Like what?
>> Oh, just to duplicate anything.
>> Just to duplicate anything.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> I'm sure I can.
>> You think you can?
>> Yeah, I'm sure I can.
>> You feel confident?
>> I'm 100% confident. Yeah, I I'm going to
Yeah.
>> Have you already gotten some interesting
results?
>> Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> That's why I'm 100% confident. Yeah. The
thing is just to scale stuff up.
>> Okay. What do you hope your legacy is?
So, like 200 years from now, it can't
>> No one's going to know who I am.
>> I don't know. That's I don't think
that's right, man.
Think about it. Like, if there are
these, you know, this lineage of
technology that is completely separate.
>> Come on. I'm going to be overwritten by
people. Look, there's other Bob Lazars
and things that are going to come along.
Look what's happening. All the people
that came out since then, you know,
there's going to be other people like
me. Eventually, some more of this is
going to come out. And Yeah.
>> They're they're amazing people who've
come out since you first and foremost.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And there's going to be
bigger, more important ones that you
just aren't going to look back to the
80s and think you're just going to focus
on those guys.
>> Well, I I I would put it the invert. I
would say if you have like a an army of
people coming out after you, the fact
that you're the first makes it even more
interesting. I think it's it's more
likely you'd be forgotten if no one
comes out after you.
>> Do you do you hope to
vindicate your own experience through
your own scientific experimentation?
>> Yeah, I do. Yeah, I do.
>> That's exciting.
That's cool.
>> But I have no idea what other people are
doing.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> But I know exactly what not to do.
That's what we did at S4.
>> So that's it's actually a big leap
forward.
>> And you saw one hanging up against the
wall like
>> Yeah, it was sitting on the wall and it
had There's actually an error in the
movie. It has one hole in in the brim of
it, not two. Um,
>> but yeah, there was just a hole with it
bent out. Clearly bent out as if it was
shot from the bottom.
>> Why do you think Oh, it looked like it
was shot.
>> Yeah.
>> Interesting. So, do you think it was
shot with like a kinetic weapon,
mechanical weapon?
>> No. No question.
>> Wow. And do you think it was a human
weapon that shot it?
>> I don't know. It looks like something we
would have done to stand it up, shoot
through it, see how how we can penetrate
this material.
>> Wow. Do you have you ever heard anything
about like electromagnetic pulses and
UFOs and them taking out UFOs, taking
them down or anything or
>> Well, that was that was the other
directive of the project.
>> It was
>> directed energy.
>> Well, yeah, it depends what you're
talking about. There's I mean our
directive was duplicate the propulsion
system at any cost is directive one and
directive two was be able to disable the
system at a distance at any cost
>> do you think and then so that's somewhat
directed energy but then there's also
project sidekick which is a weapon
so that's also directed energy so
>> yeah it kind of depends where you're
going with that.
>> I guess had you heard of any UFOs prior
to that getting shot down with directed
energy with electromagnetic pull? Okay.
>> I think the only thing I ever heard
prior to that was stories about the
Roswell craft getting hit by lightning
and crashing or something. I think it's
the only
>> Are there any of these stories like like
do you think that Roswell happened? Are
there any of these stories you lend
credence to? I don't know much about the
the Roswell crash other than, you know,
what I've what I've heard, but it sure
seems like they were working real hard
to cover something up.
>> That's true.
>> The the Roswell uh crash was not one cra
it was not in one place only, though.
>> It It might have been a round of two.
>> Yeah.
>> I I really think it was There was
something that happened in the air.
>> Mhm. And there's like debris that was
scattered all over Matt Brazzle's ranch.
And then there was the actual pod with
the beings that was crashed. I think it
was like a two miles away where the
hikers found it with the kids that were
hiking. And so clearly it was two
different places. And the bamboo the the
pieces that looked like bamboo with the
>> the writing on it. That was at Mac
Brazzle with the the memory metal
>> and then the pod. The only information
we have of that is the bodies and one of
them was already being eaten by some uh
animals.
>> No way. The body was being eaten by
>> one of them. One of from what I remember
reading and at the time this one of them
was obviously dead and it was decaying
like there was an there was clearly some
animals that got to it.
>> Wow. So,
>> I hadn't heard that,
>> but the only what the only thing I
remember about that was Jesse Marcel was
the
>> Yes. Right. And um
>> he said when you know they came to take
pictures or the pictures they took, he
said that wasn't the stuff that we
found.
>> Whoa.
>> What? General Ram Ramy.
>> Yeah. He said, "Yeah, they replaced it
with He said that's not what we found.
That's the guy." And there's that iconic
photo and it's him with this like tin
foily weather balloon thing. He claims
that the material was right off to the
side of the frame. And so
>> he said, "Yeah, that's that's not the
stuff."
>> And his son, who's an Air Force flight
surgeon, said that he took the material
home and he played with the material.
>> Yeah. On the kitchen table with his
wife. Yeah.
>> And here's what's where stuff gets even
crazier. In 1949,
there is a contract between Battel
Memorial Institute and Wright Airfield,
which turns into Wright Patterson, which
is where the wreckage, the Roswell
wreckage was rumored to be taken.
>> And it's like around um alloys like
titanium, different titanium alloys and
this titanium nickel alloy and nitanol
nigholan
as you know,
>> memory metal
>> is basically memory metal. And night and
was classified essentially showed up in
a Navy lab in the 60s.
>> Yeah.
>> And that's what Jesse Marcel describes
the material as.
>> Yeah. Because that's
that's really indestructible stuff.
>> Yes.
>> And I remember him saying
it's veracular. We g we whacked that as
hard as we could, you know. Right. And
it it didn't bend. And I I remember it.
They tried to cut into it. Yeah.
>> And it just goes back into its original
shape. And I just actually interviewed
>> Yeah. It's one of the I mean, you can
take that metal and flex it a million
times
>> and it doesn't crack. It's what they I
mean, they use that in artificial hearts
because you can it can keep flexing and
it just doesn't wear.
>> It's wild. Then then and and then you
have Philip Corso saying that he helped
dole out a lot of this material and it
made it into the civil sector because of
his position. He was, you know,
Pentagon's like, you know, foreign
technology desk or whatever, chief. And
so you have this contract from 49.
Nobody knew what Nitanol was, Night and
was. And then in the 60s it appears in
public randomly at a Navy lab. It's
interesting.
>> That's really interesting. I never heard
any of that.
>> And I just interviewed a guy who was a
witness actually of the Virginia crash
in in the 1990s uh 1996 uh in Brazil and
he says the same thing. He says he held
the material in his hands and it went he
would kind of mess with it and then it
would go back into its original form.
>> So did you ever experience anything like
that with the material with material
that would go back into its original
form? Did you hear anything about that?
>> No, other than working with Night and
>> Yeah. But you did work with nighol.
>> I sell it.
>> But did you work you didn't work with it
as
>> No, no, not Okay. Okay. So, you didn't
hear anything around around that there?
>> No, not not a peep.
>> Did you hear anything about any other
materials?
>> No, that's material science. We're not
allowed to know that stuff.
>> Oh, okay. So, that was a whole other
>> Yeah.
>> Interesting.
>> Yeah. Which is really stupid.
>> And you saw a photo or photos of an
alien autopsy, right?
>> Yeah. If in fact that was true, do you
think
>> that was part of the the briefing?
>> What did what did the photos look like?
>> I guess if you want to call it a gray,
something small. It had a teac cut in
the chest and there was one single organ
removed from the chest.
>> Was that kind of a visceral experience
for you? Was that kind of, you know,
gnarly or were you like, uh,
>> no, you know, at this point I'm going,
what am I looking through?
>> Yeah.
>> You know, it it it was just kind of all
glancing
>> through like give me a break.
>> So,
>> there were rumors that the program was
going to maybe move to Indonesia or
Southeast Asia when you were leaving. Is
that
>> No, no, they they were they were anxious
to move the project out of there
completely.
>> And you know, ideally they said they
would have loved to go out to the South
Pacific, maybe Quadrulant Island or
something, but they said the expenses
would have been so great it's just
impossible.
>> Uh but they just wanted her to get away
from eyes.
>> It's just too close to things. If you
had to guess, do you think that the
program is completely out of Area 51 and
in some foreign place now?
>> Yeah. I don't I don't believe it's there
anymore.
>> That would make sense.
>> Yeah. I don't I think that moved way
long ago.
>> Yeah. And you discovered element 115,
right?
>> It wasn't discovered. It's something
Barry and I were working on.
>> Okay.
>> So, I mean, you can't really say I
discovered it.
>> Okay. Okay.
>> You know. Oh, I thought your
contribution was that you
>> our contribution. It was what I was
doing.
>> Okay. Yeah. I But but I can't say it was
just me.
>> What technique?
>> But it was the um God, what the hell was
it that we were using?
>> Oh, atomic absorption spectroscopy.
>> Atomic absorption spectroscopy.
>> Yeah.
>> And you did that?
>> Yeah. Yeah. I mean, we had the equipment
there. We also had X-ray defraction,
too.
>> Wow. Oh
>> yeah, it wasn't. Barry was much more
familiar with the equipment.
>> Wow.
>> But um
>> and you but you don't know the exact
isotope.
>> No.
>> Did you know it at one point like when
you discovered it?
>> Yeah. Yeah,
>> you did.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> But you forgot the
>> Yeah, I have I have no idea.
>> Oh man.
>> Cuz that would be
>> Yeah, I know. It would really help.
>> It would it also be a Nobel Prize for
you. It would be like, "Oh my god, they
figured out like a new isotope at that
level." No, but I'd have to be able to
produce it or you know, right? Right.
So, it doesn't matter anyway. Yeah.
>> I mean, but you know, the lab in Dharm,
Germany produced, you know, a few atoms
of 115. So, I mean, that they discovered
115.
>> Yes.
>> So, I mean, they they made it, you know,
we
>> Yeah.
>> We recognized it.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, but if you I think
it would help you because it's not like
you know the way we try to synthesize
um you know new elements is you know
taking ions and smashing them together
and it's kind of whatever comes out
comes out. It's not like you can go
we're going to make a specific isotope
and make it all stick together. It's
just like
>> you know it's the old smashing the Swiss
watch against a concrete wall. Oh, look
what came out. You know that's it. If
you possibly took a little bit home
though, could you do some of those
techniques again do it?
>> Couldn't.
>> You couldn't because you don't have
that.
>> I can't. Yeah, you need the equipment.
>> I mean, you need the equipment like, you
know, accelerators and things. That's
>> So, you don't have something like that.
>> So, you wouldn't have the stable isotope
at home
>> or you do or maybe
>> Well, I don't have it at my house.
>> Okay. That's what you're asking. But you
you didn't you at one point maybe take
it home?
>> Yeah.
>> So then but then
>> are we recording?
>> Yeah. But
>> so no. Um so no.
>> Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> But then can't but then couldn't you
figure out the isotope if theoretically
you did or No.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah, you could. All I'd have to do is
have it again.
>> Okay. Oh, I see. That's a bummer.
I hosted a debate uh between Eric
Weinstein and Eric Davis. Eric
Weinstein's this former colleague of
mine who's a physicist. And then Eric
Davis is this other guy in UFO world who
focuses on exotic propulsion. Weinstein
said that he he was kind of exasperated.
He was like, "Why are there no phys
theoretical physicists on the program?"
But you talk about theoretical
physicists on site at S48 for sure.
>> Okay.
>> I think they were exhausted by him and I
think they they kept going over that
road and never got anywhere.
>> Interesting.
>> And they were they were looking for just
let's just do something out of left
field and see what we come up with.
>> So um no, I don't know. Again, that's
what made me think this isn't gravity.
This is a new forest entirely.
>> Yeah. And then you know what I found
interesting too is you said bismouth
seemed to have come up like that was
something
>> there is something about bismouth.
>> You might be starting to notice a
throughine starting to emerge in this
conversation and it keeps leading back
to the same place. To put it bluntly,
Bob's work at S4 looks a whole lot like
all of the documented knowledge we have
on anti-gravity experiments done in the
last 100 years. Now again, these claims
don't lie in the realm of conventional
proven science. But while there's no
proverbial fire, there is a whole lot of
smoke around them. I'm talking not only
of the experiments of Towns and Brown,
but of Eugene Pletenoff, Ning Lee, and
others. And one single element might tie
all of these stories together. Bismouth.
There's a reason why Bob Lazar kept
hearing about it at S4. Here's why
bismouth matters. We'll break down the
science as clearly as we can. It starts
with something called a K factor. A K
factor or dialectric constant is simply
a material's ability to store and
discharge electric fields. Now, this has
important implications for historical
anti-gravity experiments. You see, the
higher the K factor, the more thrust or
propulsion you see in Towns and Brown's
capacitor experiments. Brown spent his
career searching for highk materials
that could amplify the effect he'd
discovered. Bismouth is one of them, and
it's often mentioned in the context of
his anti-gravity work. There's even an
interview from this guy Lewis Whitten
who's at RAS which is Martin Corporation
pre-locked merger their um anti-gravity
outfit where they were studying sort of
the most exotic propulsion modalities
and he says in this interview with the
American Institute of Physics there's a
guy named Townzend who claimed to have
an isotope of bismouth that repelled
instead of attracted material that works
well for historical anti-gravity
experiments comes up in the UFO reverse
engineering program. Go figure. But it
gets weirder. Bismouth and element 115
mvium share the same number of veence
electrons. Veence electrons are the
electrons in the outermost shell of an
atom. The ones that determine how an
element bonds, reacts, and behaves
chemically. Bismouth has five. Muscovium
or element 115 has five. They sit in the
same column of the periodic table, group
15, which means they have essentially
the same chemical personality, the same
bonding geometry, the same family of
crystal structures, the same tendency to
form the layered compounds that produce
the most exotic quantum behavior known
to material science. Lazar described
element 115 as the fuel source for the
craft's propulsion system. Mind you,
this was in 1989 before element 115 had
ever been synthesized or named. When it
finally was synthesized in 2003, it
turned out to be an nictaggen, a group
15 element, the same chemical family as
bismouth. And bismouth is basically the
most electromagnetically bizarre stable
element on Earth. That's either the most
chemically literate lucky guess in
history or it isn't a guess at all. Now,
here's where the science gets genuinely
strange. Bismouth is one of the most
unusual elements on the periodic table.
Most highk materials are passive. They
sit there holding charge and do nothing
else. Bismouth is different. It fights
back. Expose bismouth to a magnetic
field and instead of being attracted the
way iron pushes towards a magnet, it
pushes away. This property is called
diamagnetism. And bismouth has more of
it than any other stable element on
earth. Not slightly more, dramatically,
anomalously, inexplicably more.
The reason lives inside the atom itself.
Every electron does two things
simultaneously. It orbits the nucleus
like a planet around a star and it spins
on its own axis like a tiny top. In
lighter elements, these two motions
barely register each other. But bismouth
sits near the bottom of the periodic
table at element 83, one of the heaviest
stable elements that exists. And in
superheavy elements, something
extraordinary happens. The electrons in
the outer shell move so fast that they
enter what physicists call the
relativistic regime. They're traveling
at a meaningful fraction of the speed of
light. And when something moves that
fast, the universe starts playing by
different rules. At those speeds,
Einstein's physics takes over from
Newton's. One consequence is that these
screaming, hurling outer electrons
generate a powerful magnetic field just
from their own motion. And that magnetic
field slams into their own spin. This is
a process called spin orbit coupling.
And in bismouth, it's ferociously
strong. so strong that bismouth's
electrons become in a sense magnetically
self-aware
generating an opposing field in response
to anything applied to them from the
outside. So that's why bismouth has
anomalous diamagnetism. The electrons
aren't just passive, they're pushing
back.
>> The most amazing thing is leaning into
it, putting all your force on that,
nothing moves at all. And when the
reactor's off, you can easily slide it.
>> This also makes bismouth a natural
topological dopin, meaning when you
introduce it into certain crystalline
materials, it induces what physicists
call topologically protected quantum
states. These are electron states so
geometrically locked into the structure
of the material that they can't be
destroyed by disorder or impurities.
They are in a very real sense protected
by the shape of reality itself. Element
115 with the same five outer electrons
as bismouth would have dramatically
stronger relativistic effects and it
would theoretically be an even more
powerful topological dopin best hosted
physicists predict and calcccogenide
crystal structures which happen to be
the exact crystal family that
bismouth-based topological insulators
already prefer. Same column, same
electrons. The dial just turned up to a
level we've never engineered.
Okay, I know what you're thinking. How
do you get from this exotic chemistry
jargon to UFO propulsion or a force that
bends spaceime? Well, here's where the
chemistry ends and something bigger
begins. In Einstein's general
relativity, energy and momentum in all
forms, including the energy stored in
fast spinning relativistic electrons,
technically curves spacetime. Every
electron is, in the most literal
physical sense, warping the fabric of
the universe around it.
Now, for ordinary matter, this effect is
so incomprehensibly tiny, it effectively
doesn't exist. But a small group of
serious physicists began asking
dangerous questions in the 1990s. What
if instead of spinning randomly in all
directions, their gravitational effects
cancelling each other into noise, you
could align them into a single coherent
state, all pointing in the same
direction, all pushing together. This
was the life's work of Dr. Ning Lee, a
physicist who dared to dabble in
anti-gravity. More specifically, she
worked in gravido magnetic theory. Lee
was a woman who eventually left her
position at the University of Alabama
Huntsville to work full-time at Redstone
Arsenal on research so sensitive it
effectively vanished from public view.
And the chair of her department at
University of Alabama Huntsville, Larry
Smallley, was so high conviction in her
work that he left with her. Before she
died, Lee proposed that in
superconductors, materials where
electrons surrender their individual
identities and merge into a collective
quantum state. The gravidomic effect of
those electrons, normally washed away by
thermal chaos, would suddenly snap into
alignment. They'd become coherent,
directional. She was trying to build a
gravity engine in a laboratory. Let's
compare that with Bob Lazar's work on
UFOs in the8s. Years before Ning Le's
work ever became public, Lazar described
three cylindrical emitters at the base
of a craft. The emitters at the base of
Lazar's craft didn't produce thrust in
the traditional sense. They didn't push
against air or expel mass. They
generated a directed alteration of the
gravitational field itself that the
craft would then just fall into. Not
propulsion, geometry. The craft didn't
move through space. It literally bent
space and space carried it. that
description, organized field generating
devices producing a directional
gravitational effect by aligning and
focusing a force that normally cancels
itself to zero is structurally almost
precisely what Ning Lee was theorizing
in a laboratory thousands of miles away
using completely different source
material arriving at exactly the same
place years later. When the craft is in
operation, there is a high voltage
detectable on on the skin of the craft.
>> And then there's the hull of the craft.
Lazar said that he believed the craft's
hull material was an electric, basically
a material that permanently stores an
electric field, the electrical
equivalent of a permanent magnet. I
think the material the craft is made
from is an electric. And so it always
just like a
>> a magnet always has a magnetic field to
it, an electric always has an
electrostatic field to it.
>> Interesting.
>> And I think that's certainly something
important.
>> Again, bismouth titanate is one of the
finest electric materials known in high
temperature sensor applications
precisely because of its stability. Now,
if you were designing a hole material
for a craft that needed to interact with
gravity wave emitters, maintain a
permanent electric field and respond to
both electric and magnetic stimuli
simultaneously. The material that checks
every single box is bismouth fite.
That's right. Again, with the bismouth,
it's a material that is simultaneously
ferro electric and magnetic where the
two properties talk to each other, where
you can control one with the other. No
other readily available material sits at
the intersection of diamagnetism,
topological insulator behavior, highk
dialectrics, electric properties, and
multiferoic coupling simultaneously. But
bismouth does. And a theoretical stable
version of element 115 might do all of
those things on steroids. Bismouth sits
right at the edge of where relativistic
electron behavior begins to dominate
everything.
By the time you get to Muscovium, you
might have full-fledged space-time
engineering. And then what's really
interesting is um Gary Nolan has this
magnesium bismouth piece in his lab at
Stanford. You'd need uh some sort of
motive to you know with in certain cases
heavier elements uh create isotope
ratios that you just don't find on
Earth. It doesn't make any sense from
like and then it also the thing was
found alongside a like an observed
anomaly in the sky and a crash and it
was like in the 50s or 60s like one of
one of which was literally a beach in
Brazil uh Uba tuba and the similarity
between Brown and Buer's anti-gravity
and Lazar's sports model don't stop
there. Brown would use DC pulsing and
like you know kind of high climb rates
of the voltage so that the voltage would
there'd be a steep climb rate where it
would you know increase very very
sharply. The microscizing waveguides for
terraertz you could have very high
frequency you know energy going into the
craft.
>> There's something about bismouth I think
that's
>> yes
>> that yeah that's undiscovered.
>> Yes. and and uh so much that we're
unable to do because it's at the limit,
you know, of our technology. Bismouth at
S4 Bismouth in Towns and Brown's
experiments. Bismouth's properties in
Ning Lee's gravidom magnetic theory.
Bismouth as an ideal hull material for a
UFO exactly like the one Lazar
described. Bismouth and the UFO samples
that Stanford professor Gary Nolan is
analyzing right now. the preponderance
of evidence now and the Department of
Defense admitting that these things are
real, that the data is real.
>> Mhm.
>> Not what the there's no conclusions.
>> Yeah.
>> Um the data is real.
>> There's so much more than there was 40
years ago.
>> Yeah.
>> I mean, all these guys are at the
cutting edge. All my information is so
old and probably outdated.
>> So, who knows how the craft operate now
or what kind of craft they're using
>> or if they're even manned. So, um that's
true.
>> I I think everything I know is outdated.
It's just interesting to look back at.
>> I don't take any money from this stuff.
And as far as attention,
>> I hate attention. I don't like
being on shows. I just want to kind of
hide in the corner and do my own thing.
So that's I got enough hugs when I was a
kid.
>> And do do you feel like you've you know
on the first Rogan episode you had
migraines. Do you feel like you've
suffered like your anxiety levels are
higher than they they would be?
>> Yeah. Five heart attacks since I was on
Hul Rogan's and and my arteries are
clear. It's all stress.
>> I'm sorry.
>> I just had uh
um shingles all through my face. It
almost made me go blind again was from
stress. It's um yeah, it's this
just wears you down over time. I hope
you know you're you're loved and
appreciated and uh you should be able to
just zone out the world with where
you're at in life right now and just
enjoy the the fruits of this, you know,
amazing.
>> That would be cool. I am so hoping to
>> be able to retire at some point where I
don't have to deal with
>> insane customers or
>> Yeah.
>> I could just sit at home and read books
like this and
>> I think that time is very very soon and
I think it's the best use of your brain
power too because I want to see
>> I'd actually like to get back into this
stuff.
>> That'd be amazing. Well, I'll send you
interesting people.
>> Okay. Yeah. Well, I'll Yeah, I'll
consume everything you can send. I love
it. Oh, yeah.
Be careful what you wish for.
Um, well, Bob Luigi, this was a total
honor and you should be so proud because
I know you were into this stuff.
I feel very lucky when people say like,
oh, like you should feel vindicated.
They'll say that to me and I'm like,
what the are you talking? I was
like, I got very lucky with the timing
of like when I got into this stuff. But
truly, I speak to you and I'm like, "Oh
my god." Like the there are people like
yourself who have been into this stuff
for decades in a totally thankless way.
Like not only thankless but
>> less than thankless
>> less than thankless, ostracized, exiled,
laughed at constantly.
>> And so to anybody out there saying
Luigi's cashing in on a, you know, a
movie or something like, off. like
you don't know what you're talking
about. It is it's it's poetic justice
and karma that you made this movie
truly. So I want you to know that that
um
>> I appreciate that.
>> Yeah, man. Did you ever think that we'd
be here now that like we'd be, you know,
on on our podcast watching you on Joe
Rogan with Bob yesterday?
I when you guys were talking, I was
reading
a message from my sister
Veronica who's been
it's hard for me to see it that way
because you can't imagine everything
that happened
and for me to get it from her is like
the biggest success because I put her in
danger because of this
And I didn't know if it was going to
work. I I still don't know where it's
going, but
we we just went for it knowing that, you
know, all the past there's a lot of
negative associated to it. And I'm so
proud of the team. I'm proud of Chris
Mateau. That's like my right hand and
all. It wouldn't exist if it wasn't for
Chris. It wouldn't exist if it wasn't
for Veronica.
It wouldn't exist if it wasn't for Emily
that was at the office taking care of
everything. She We all know who that is.
It wouldn't exist for Vanessa to be
doing all this minutia work online and
finding all We wouldn't have found the
Ed Teller tape if it wasn't for Vanessa.
>> And this was scary. This is
>> This project depleted your company to
zero
>> to to zero. And we were attacked. Nobody
knows this, but we were attacked
ferociously for over a year and a half.
>> Yeah. And we're I know the full story,
and we probably can't get too too into
the weeds, but I'll just say high level.
>> There was some really crazy scary
that occurred with you on an
institutional
>> like debanking level kind of thing. big
time
>> where it's like what sort of power do
these people have as far as the
antibodies, you know, going against you?
>> And unbelievable stuff.
>> Yeah. Stuff that all the
pe if you say it, it sounds so crazy
that you don't want to say it cuz people
won't
>> Yeah. They're like, "Give me a break.
Come on." You know, have you have you
experienced that your whole life? Have
you experienced like little things like
that?
>> Yeah. any
>> but I didn't expect this to happen to
Luigi.
>> Yeah.
>> Not coming from those people.
>> Getting you know or demanding Luigi we
want all your communications with Bob
Lazar on a court document.
>> On a court document. Yeah. We want what
the hell are you talking about? You
know,
>> have you ever gotten something like,
"Sir, we can't accept your payment
here." And you're like, "What?" Anything
like that? It's a little weird.
>> What do you mean we can't accept?
>> Like something like that. you know,
something like there's something going
on in the background of some routine
thing you're trying to do. Go to a bank,
you go to, you know, a store.
>> We just we don't want to deal with you.
>> We don't want to deal with you. And
you're like, why?
>> Yeah. I mean, that has that that was a
long time ago. A couple things like that
happened decades ago. Do you remember
nothing now? I don't remember. Yeah.
Specifically,
>> but people kind of messing with
>> Yeah. On an official level, they said,
you know, you're radioactive. We don't
want to deal with you.
>> It's tough, man. Well, you found the one
the one gig you could get, which is
selling this, you know, a lot of this
crazy stuff, too. It's cool.
>> Well, this has been such an honor. I I I
really appreciate you both. And um
>> it's always fun coming.
>> It's always fun, Jesse. It's always
great, man.
>> Okay, so there are orange reddish UFOs
that have been flying around Area 51
since the 80s and '9s that wobble like
they're on a wave at low altitudes. The
sports model UFO Bob worked on might use
principles similar to documented
anti-gravity research. And crafts of
nonhuman origin are being recovered at
the bottom of our oceans all over the
world by the Navy.
Bob Lazar will either be forgotten
entirely by history as he predicts or as
I predict he'll be heralded as a canary
in the coal mine, the forerunner in a
stampede of revolutionary new science.
Whether you believe or disbelieve his
story, it should be treated as a puzzle
with very real truths underlying it
meant to be discovered by those who take
the initiative. So if you think there's
something to any of this, don't let up.
As the first man on the moon, Neil
Armstrong once cryptically said,
>> "There are great ideas undiscovered,
breakthroughs available to those who can
remove
one of truth's protective layers,
layers, layers, layers, layers, layers.
If you're still watching and you made it
through all of the exotic UFO science,
you're one of the first to hear about
this. We just dropped a new limited
merch collection. Two T's, one
off-white, one vintage black, plus hat.
The design has a timeless retro future
feel. You can wear it everyday. If
you've been watching the show lately,
you've probably already seen me wearing
it. This is a limited run, so when it's
gone, it's gone. Head to americanal
alchemymerch.com to grab the believe
drop today. And while you're there, the
cowboy UFO tea is a fan favorite we
always keep in stock along with the
atomic age design. Thank you all so much
for following and supporting the show.
Woo!